Demon Slayer S.1 E.01Title: CrueltyCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Giyuu Tomioka, Kie Kamado, Shigeru Kamado, Hanako Kamado, Takeo Kamado, assorted townsfolkJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: A young boy, Tanjirou, carries his sister, Nezuko, on his back through the snow. Nezuko is bleeding from a wound on her head.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) How…?(Thoughts) How did this happen? Nezuko, don’t die! Don’t die on me! I’m gonna save you no matter what! I won’t let you die!I swear your big brother will save you no matter what![Scene: At a small cabin in the mountains, during the morning. Tanjirou takes up a basket of charcoal on his back and is preparing to leave the house.]Kie	Tanjirou?Your face is covered in soot. Come over here.[Action: Kie comes out of the house and wipes Tanjirou’s face with a towel.]Kie	It’s dangerous with all this snow. You don’t have to go, you know.Tanjirou	Well, I want everyone to eat their fill on New Year’s, so I’m gonna sell as much charcoalas I can.Kie	Thank you.Shigeru	Big Bro!Tanjirou	Hmm?[Action: Tanjirou’s younger brother and sister, Shigeru and Hanako, come running to Tanjirou. Another brother, Takeo comes out from behind them.]Shigeru	You’re going to town again today?Hanako	I’m going with you!Kie	Oh no, you’re not. You know you can’t walk fast like Tanjirou.Shigeru	Mom!Kie	You may not.Since he can’t use the cart today, he won’t be able to give you a ride when you’re tired.Shigeru	Big Bro![Action: Shigeru runs to Tanjirou and clings onto him.]Hanako	I wanna go with you! I promise I’ll help you![Action: Tanjirou pats Hanako’s head.]Tanjirou	Thanks, Hanako. But you’re staying home today.Hanako	What~?Tanjirou	You too, Shigeru. But I’ll get you tons of goodies, okay?Shigeru	Really?Tanjirou	Yeah.And Hanako, I’ll read for you when I’m back.Hanako	Yeah!Tanjirou	That’s a good girl.Kie	Thank you so much, Tanjirou.Tanjirou	Sure.Okay, I’ll be heading out now.Takeo, will you chop as much wood as you can?Takeo	Sure, I’ll do it, but… I was hoping we could do it together.[Action: Tanjirou walks over to Takeo and pats his head.]Tanjirou	There, there.[Action: Takeo jumps away from Tanjirou’s hand.]Takeo	What’s with that all of a sudden?Shigeru	You’re blushing, Take!Takeo	Hey, you shut up!Tanjirou	There, there.[Action: Tanjirou continues patting Takeo’s head, and Takeo jumps away again.]Takeo	I said cut it out![Action: All of the family laughs, and Tanjirou sets out for town with his three siblings and Kie watching him.]Shigeru	Hurry back, okay?Hanako	Be safe, okay?[Action: As Tanjirou walks off, Nezuko appears, carrying their youngest brother, Rokuta, on her back.]Nezuko	Big Brother!Tanjirou	Hey, Nezuko.Nezuko	I was putting Rokuta down for a nap, or he’d make a scene when you leave.He misses Dad a lot since he passed away.[Action: Tanjirou pats Rokuta’s head lightly.]Nezuko	And everyone follows you wherever you go.See you later.[Action: Tanjirou continues making his way toward town.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) We don’t have an easy life, but we’re happy.(Thoughts) But life could change suddenly like the weather. It shifts and moves on. (Thoughts) It’s not like it always stays sunny, and it’s not like it ever snows endlessly. (Thoughts) And… whenever happiness is destroyed, there’s always… the smell of blood.[Scene: In town during the morning. Tanjirou has made it down the mountain. He speaks to townsfolk down the street.]Woman 1	Well now, Tanjirou!I can’t believe you came down from the mountain on a day like this. You’re such a hard worker!You might catch a cold, you know?Tanjirou	This is nothing, really.Do you have enough charcoal?Man 1	Hey, Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Hmm?Man 1	Can I have some charcoal?Man 2	Thanks for fixing my sliding doors the other day.Woman 2	I’ll need some charcoal, too![Action: A door opens behind Tanjirou, revealing a woman holding a boy by the scruff of his clothes. The boy has blood coming from his mouth.]Boy	Ah, Tanjirou! Oh man, perfect timing![Action: The boy runs over to Tanjirou. He kneels and shows a bundle to Tanjirou.]Boy	I’ve been accused of breaking this plate!Help me out, will you? Sniff it![Action: Tanjirou leans down toward the bundle holding the shattered dish and sniffs it.]Tanjirou	I smell a cat.Boy	You see?!Woman 3	Oh my, so it was a cat?Boy	I told you it wasn’t me!Man 3	Tanjirou! Can you give me a hand with this luggage?[Scene: At night. Tanjirou is making his way back up the mountain.]Tanjirou	Jeez, it’s late already.I’m glad they’re sold out, though.Saburou	Hey, Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Hmm?[Action: Tanjirou turns around toward Saburou in his house at the base of the mountain.]Saburou	Are you gonna go back to the mountain? You’d better not. It’s too dangerous.Tanjirou	I’ve got a great sense of smell, so I’ll be fine. Saburou	I’ll put you up for the night. Come on. Get back here. Tanjirou	But…Saburou	Don’t argue! Come on!Before the demons show up.[Scene: In Saburou’s house. Tanjirou is given a meal and finishes it.]Tanjirou	Thanks for the meal!Hey, Old Man Saburo, what are demons like?Saburou	Man-eating demons have always prowled the land once it gets dark.That’s why you should never stroll around at night.If you’re done eating, go to bed. You can set off for home at first light.[Action: Tanjirou lays down for bed.]Tanjirou	These demons wouldn’t come inside your house, would they?Saburou	Yes, they’d come in.Tanjirou	Then, everyone would get eaten up by the demons.Saburou	That’s why the demon hunters protect us by slaying them since way back when.Lights out now. Go to sleep.[Action: Saburou turns out to lights.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Old Man Saburo is all alone after losing his whole family, so he must be lonely.(Thoughts) I’ll bring my brothers and sisters next time and say, “You don’t have to be scared. There are no demons. You’re safe.”(Thoughts) But, come to think of it, my grandma used to say the same thing when she was alive.[Scene: The next morning. Tanjirou is leaving for the mountain.]Saburou	You be careful now.Tanjirou	Okay!(Thoughts) Whenever happiness is destroyed, there’s always…[Action: On his way home, Tanjirou sniffs the air.]Tanjirou	The smell of blood![Action: Tanjirou races up the mountain and arrives at his house. He stops in his tracks. On the ground in front of the door are Nezuko and Rokuta, surrounded by a pool of blood.]Tanjirou	Ahhh!!!Nezuko![Action: Tanjirou runs to Nezuko and kneels down beside her.]Tanjirou	What happened? What’s going on?! What happened here?![Action: Tanjurou turns to look into the house. He gets up and walks only a few steps inside.]Tanjirou	Mom…[Action: Tanjirou falls to the ground. Kie and all his siblings are dead, and the walls and floor of the house are covered with blood.]Tanjirou	Mom… Hanako… Takeo… Shigeru… Nezuko… Rokuta…![Action: Tanjirou runs down the mountain, carrying Nezuko on his back.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Nezuko’s the only one who’s still warm! (Thoughts) If I can get her to a doctor, she might survive! (Thoughts) How did this happen?(Thoughts) Was it a bear? Was it a bear that wasn’t able to hibernate? (Thoughts) I can’t breathe! The air’s so icy! My lungs hurt!(Thoughts) Keep moving forward! Move your legs faster!(Thoughts) We still have a long way to go before we reach town. Hurry! (Thoughts) I won’t let you die![Action: Nezuko’s fingers twitch.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m gonna save you no matter what!(Thoughts) I swear your big brother will save you no matter what![Action: Nezuko awakens. Her eyes are completely white, and she begins growling.]Tanjirou	Ah!Nezuko	Uraaa!![Action: Nezuko pulls on Tanjirou’s shoulders, and the two go tumbling down a cliff.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh no!Ahh!![Action: Tanjirou lands on his back in the snow.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I was saved by the snow. I slipped because of the snow to begin with.Nezuko?[Action: Tanjirou looks around for Nezuko. She stands far from him, barefoot and head hung low.]Tanjirou	Nezuko, are you alright?You don’t have to walk! I’ll carry you to town, okay?[Action: Tanjirou runs over to Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Nezuko![Action: Nezuko raises her head. Veins pop from her face, and her teeth are sharp. She lunges toward Tanjirou.]Nezuko	Arhh!!Tanjirou	Wah![Action: Before Nezuko can bite him, Tanjirou takes the axe from his belt and puts the handle between Nezuko’s teeth. They struggle, but Nezuko pushes Tanjirou down into the snow. Tanjirou continues to push Nezuko away with the axe handle.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Sh-She’s… a demon!(Thoughts) I just remembered what Old Man Saburou told me. (Thoughts) Nezuko’s a man-eating demon?(Thoughts) No! Nezuko’s been a human ever since she was born! (Thoughts) However, she no longer has Nezuko’s scent. (Thoughts) But it wasn’t Nezuko’s doing!(Thoughts) She was lying as if she was protecting Rokuta, and there was no blood on her mouth or hands.(Thoughts) And there was one more… There was one more scent![Action: Nezuko’s body trembles.]Tanjirou	Sh-She just grew in size!(Thoughts) And she’s getting stronger and stronger!(Thoughts) While I was sleeping carelessly at Saburou’s house, they were murdered brutally like that!(Thoughts) I know it must’ve hurt! You suffered, didn’t you? (Thoughts) I’m so sorry I couldn’t save you.(Thoughts) If only I could help Nezuko at least… (Thoughts) But she’s too strong for me to push her back! Nezuko! Hang in there, Nezuko!Don’t give in! You gotta hang in there![Action: Someone is running toward Tanjirou and Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Don’t turn into a demon!You gotta stay strong! Hang in there!Hang in there![Action: Tears fall from Nezuko and drop onto Tanjirou’s face. Tomioka reaches Tanjirou and Nezuko. He jumps into the air to attack Nezuko, but Nezuko realizes his presence. Before she can attack, Tanjirou pushes her out of the way, causing Tomioka to cut off some of Tanjirou’s hair. Tanjirou and Nezuko are blown back into a tree.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What the…(Thoughts) Who’s that? (Thoughts) A sword?Tomioka	Why are you protecting it?Tanjirou	She’s my sister! She’s my younger sister![Action: Nezuko begins growling again and trying to get away from Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Nezuko!Nezuko	Uauhhh!Tomioka	You call that thing your sister?[Action: Tomioka launches himself at Tanjirou and Nezuko, ready to strike. Tanjirou moves to protect Nezuko, but realizes that she is no longer under him. When he looks up, Tomioka is holding her in the distance by the scruff of her clothes.]Tanjirou	Nezuko!Tomioka	Don’t move.Tanjirou	Ah...Tomioka	My job is to slay demons.Needless to say, I’m going to decapitate your sister.Tanjirou	Hold on! Nezuko hasn’t killed anyone!Back at my house, there was another scent that I’d never smelled before! That’s probably the one who killed my family!It wasn’t Nezuko!I don’t know why she turned into something like that, but… but still…!Tomioka	It’s quite simple.Because her wounds were exposed to demon blood, she turned into a demon. That’s how man-eating demons multiply.Tanjirou	Nezuko would never eat humans!Tomioka	You gotta be kidding.Just now, you were about to be devoured.Tanjirou	You’re wrong! I’m sure she knows who I am!I won’t let her hurt anyone!I’m going to turn Nezuko back into a human! I swear I’ll heal her!Tomioka	She can’t be healed.Once you become a demon, you can never go back to being human.Tanjirou	I’ll find a way, no matter what! So, please… don’t kill her!I’ll hunt down the one who slaughtered my family![Action: Tomioka readies his sword to kill Nezuko.]Tanjirou	I’ll make everything alright!Please! Please!! Don’t do it!(Thoughts) Don’t take anyone else from me.[Action: Tanjirou gets on his knees and bows with his head to the ground.]Tanjirou	I’m begging you not to…Please… don’t kill my younger sister! Please don’t do it.I’m begging you…Tomioka	Grr…Don’t ever give others a chance to murder you!Tanjirou	Wha…Tomioka	Stop that pathetic groveling!If it was the least bit effective, your family wouldn’t be dead!Can a weakling who can’t take the initiative in such a situation heal his sister?! Hunt down the enemy?!Don’t make me laugh!The weak have no rights or choices!Their only fate is to be relentlessly crushed by the strong! The demons might know how to cure your sister!But don’t think that a demon would respect your will or wishes! Naturally, I have no respect for you, either!That’s reality!Why did you throw yourself over your sister earlier? Was that your way of protecting her?Why didn’t you swing your hatchet? Why did you show your back to me? All those blunders led to your sister’s capture!I could have skewered her along with you!(Thoughts) Don’t cry. Don’t despair. Now’s not the time for that. (Thoughts) I know you’re devastated.(Thoughts) Your family was massacred, and your sister’s become a demon. (Thoughts) I know it’s painful. I know you want to scream. I get it.(Thoughts) If only I’d gotten here a half-day sooner, your family might not have ended up dead.(Thoughts) But there’s no way to turn back time.(Thoughts) Feel the rage. The powerful, pure rage of not being able to forgive will become your answering drive to take action!(Thoughts) With such a fragile resolve like yours, you can’t protect your sister or heal her, or get revenge for your family![Action: Tomioka glares at Tanjirou and readies his sword again to kill Nezuko.]Tanjirou	No!Nezuko	Arghhh! Ahhh!![Action: Tomioka stabs Nezuko in the chest.]Tanjirou	Stop![Action: Tanjirou throws a rock at Tomioka, who bounces it off his sword. Tanjirou then gets up, grabs his hatchet, and runs through the trees, continuing to throw rocks at Tomioka. When he gets close enough, Tanjirou runs toward Tomioka to attack.]Tanjirou	Arghhhh!!Tomioka	(Thoughts) A straightforward attack driven solely by emotion… You fool![Action: Tomioka hits Tanjirou with the butt of his sword, knocking Tanjirou out cold. Nezuko stops struggling and stares at Tanjirou’s body on the ground.]Tomioka	(Thoughts) Hmm? Where’s his hatchet?[Action: Tanjirou’s hatchet comes flying through the air from above, striking the tree behind Tomioka’shead.]Tomioka	(Thoughts) Just before he hid behind the tree, he hurled that rock toward me and, at the same time, tossed the hatchet in the air.(Thoughts) He hid his hands as he pretended to attack so I wouldn’t realize he was unarmed.(Thoughts) He knew he couldn’t beat me.(Thoughts) He tried to bring me down after I struck him! (Thoughts) This kid…Nezuko	Uaar!![Action: Nezuko breaks free from Tomioka’s grasp and kicks him away. She runs toward Tanjirou.]Tomioka	Damn! She’ll devour him![Action: Nezuko kneels in front of Tanjirou’s unconcious body to shield him.]Tanjirou	(Flashback) Nezuko… It wasn’t Nezuko! She’d never eat humans!Nezuko	Graahh![Action: Nezuko lunges toward Tomioka. She begins attacking him. He dodges her attacks.]Tomioka	(Thoughts) Long ago, someone said the same thing, only to be devoured by a demon.(Thoughts) When a demon is starving, it will kill and devour even its own parents or siblings because they’re nutrient-rich.(Thoughts) I’ve seen it happen more times than I can count.(Thoughts) This girl has been wounded, and she’s expending energy to heal those injuries.(Thoughts) She must’ve drained vast amounts of her strength as she transformed into a demon.(Thoughts) That means she’s severely starved at this moment, without a doubt.(Thoughts) She must’ve wanted to feast on a human right away, even if it’s her own brother…(Thoughts) Yet she protected him instead, and she even intimidated me…[Action: Nezuko jumps to a tree and lunges at Tomioka again. He sheathes his sword.]Nezuko	Grr!!Tomioka	(Thoughts) I wonder… These siblings might be… different from others.[Action: Tomioka strikes Nezuko at the side of her neck, knocking her out cold.][Scene: In Tanjirou’s unconsciousness. Tanjirou is lying face down. Kie and his dead siblings surround him.]Kie	I’m sorry to leave you behind, Tanjirou.Take care of Nezuko for me, all right?[Scene: In the real world. Tanjirou is still face-down in the snow. He grabs onto the nearest thing he can. Nezuko is laid down next to him on her back. She has a bamboo gag in her mouth, attached by a length of fabric tied around her head.]Tanjirou	Wha…Tomioka	You awake?Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou gets up and moves to protect Nezuko.]Tomioka	Go see an old man named Sakonji Urokodaki who lives at the foot of Mt. Sagiri.Tell him that Giyuu Tomioka sent you.She seems to be alright since it’s cloudy now, but never let her be exposed to the sunlight, okay?[Action: Tomioka disappears in a flash. Tanjirou returns home to bury his family.]Tanjirou	Let’s go.[Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko head down the mountain.]Demon Slayer S.1 E.02Title: Trainer Sakonji UrokodakiCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Sakonji Urokodaki, Nezuko Kamado, Giyuu Tomioka, demon, farmer, womanJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: On some farmland. Tanjirou talks with a farmer.]Tanjirou	Excuse me. Would it be okay if I took that basket, straw, and some bamboo?Farmer	Sure, you’re welcome to it, but that basket’s full of holes.Tanjirou	Yes. I’ll pay you for it.Farmer	No, that’s all right. I mean, it’s a basket full of holes.Tanjirou	No, I will pay you!Farmer	No, it’s all right. You can have the bamboo and straw for free, too.Tanjirou	But I’m still paying you!Farmer	I said it’s okay! You’re one stubborn kid![Action: Tanjirou slaps the money into the farmer’s hand.]Farmer	Agh…!Tanjirou	Please accept this, although it’s just small change![Action: Tanjirou begins running off with the basket, straw, and bamboo.]Tanjirou	Thank you very much!Farmer	Ouch!![Scene: At a cave in the mountains, during the day. Tanjirou calls for Nezuko, who is in the cave.]Tanjirou	Nezuko?Huh? Nezuko? She’s gone![Action: Nezuko pokes her head out of a hole in the ground.]Tanjirou	She’s here.[Scene: At a cave in the mountains, during the day.]Tanjirou	Nezuko…(Thoughts) She dug a hole?(Thoughts) My little sister has turned into a mole. (Thoughts) And she’s frowning!(Thoughts) She must really want to avoid the sunlight.Wait there for a second.[Action: Tanjirou fashions a covered basket for Nezuko with the basket, straw, and bamboo.]Tanjirou	Nezuko?Nezuko. Think you can fit inside this?I want to keep moving during the day, too. I’ll carry you, okay?Can you fit? In here? Basket.[Action: Nezuko dives headfirst into the basket, but doesn’t quite fit.]Tanjirou	She kinda protrudes, huh?(Thoughts) I can’t believe she grew up. Seems like yesterday that she was tiny. Huh?Nezuko. Remember how you became big like an adult earlier? Do you think you can do the opposite? Get smaller?Smaller, Nezuko! Get smaller![Action: Nezuko flips the basket rightside up and dives into it.]Tanjirou	Ahh![Action: Nezuko becomes small enough to fit inside the basket.]Tanjirou	Ohh!Good job!That’s a good girl, Nezuko! I’m impressed![Scene: In the late afternoon. Tanjirou walks down the path past a farm with Nezuko carried in the covered basket on his back.]Woman	Mt. Sagiri?If you want to go to Mt. Sagiri, you’ll have to cross over that mountain, but… The sun’s about to set. Are you really heading there with all that luggage?It’s dangerous, you know.Tanjirou	I’ll be careful.Thank you very much.Woman	People have gone missing lately!Try not to lose your way![Action: Tanjirou turns back to wave at the woman and continues walking down the path.][Scene: At night, on a path going into the mountains. Tanjirou and Nezuko walk together until they reach a lighted temple.]Tanjirou	Oh.There’s a temple over there.There’s light leaking through, so someone must be there. Let’s check it out. Ah… Hah![Action: Tanjirou looks around.]Tanjirou	I smell blood!This mountain path is pretty rough! Someone must have gotten hurt![Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko run up the steps to the temple. Tanjirou slides the doors open quickly.]Tanjirou	Are you all right?!Ah![Action: The basket drops off Tanjirou’s back. Inside the temple, a demon has attacked several humans, leaving them dead. He’s eating their corpses.]Demon	What the hell? This is my turf.If you break into my territory, I’ll make you pay!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s a man-eating demon![Action: At the sight of the corpses, Nezuko begins salivating furiously.]Demon	Huh?There’s something off about you.Are you both humans?Tanjirou	Urk…![Action: The demon charges Tanjirou, knocking both of them from the top of the steps to the temple.]Tanjirou	Urk![Action: Tanjirou uses his hatchet to slice the neck of the demon.]Tanjirou	Urk…Demon	Hahaha… A hatchet, huh? Not bad.But a scratch like this… should heal in no time.[Action: The wound Tanjirou inflicted heals.]Demon	See that? The bleeding stopped already.Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Nezuko continues to stare at the bodies in the temple. The demon moves too quickly to see and pounces on Tanjirou, pushing him to the ground.]Tanjirou	Urk…!(Thoughts) He’s so fast! And he’s unbelievably strong!Demon	You won’t get me twice!All right. I’m gonna snap your neck!Tanjirou	Agh![Action: At the sound of Tanjirou’s pain, Nezuko runs from the temple and kicks the demon’s head off in a swift motion.]Nezuko	Urgh![Scene: The demon’s head hits a tree.]Demon	Gah!Tanjirou	What…?What?!Eek…![Action: The demon’s body falls limp. Tanjirou pushes it to the side.]Tanjirou	Wah!(Thoughts) Sh-She killed him!(Thoughts) Oh, but wait! He’s a demon, so…[Action: The demon’s body starts to reach for Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	N-Nezuko…Nezuko	Urgh![Action: Nezuko kicks the demon's body away. It, too, crashes into a tree.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I don’t believe this… Did he just move without his head?!Demon	You bastards!Tanjirou	Ah…!Demon	One of you is a demon after all?You gave off such a weird vibe!What’s a human and a demon doing teaming up?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s actually talking!Ah![Action: The demon’s headless body runs toward Nezuko, jumps into the air, and attempts to kick her.]Nezuko	Urgh![Action: The demon’s body continues to attack Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Stop it!Ahhh!![Action: Tanjirou charges toward the headless body with his hatchet while the demon’s partially regenerated body and head run toward Tanjirou.]Demon	Grr…!Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou stops the demon’s head with his hatchet, and the demon grabs Tanjirou’s shoulders.]Tanjirou	Nezuko!Nezuko	Urgh… Urgh![Action: The headless body kicks Nezuko several times. It throws her deeper into the forest.]Nezuko	Ugh!Tanjirou	Nezuko!Grr… Ah…!(Thoughts) What’s the deal with this guy?[Action: The demon’s hair begins wrapping around the handle of Tanjirou’s hatchet.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Growing arms from his head! (Thoughts) I gotta save Nezuko!Demon	Hmm?Tanjirou	Out of my way![Action: Tanjirou headbutts the demon.]Demon	Gah…(Thoughts) Hard as a rock! (Thoughts) That head of his…Tanjirou	Hngh![Action: Tanjirou headbutts the demon again.]Demon	(Thoughts) … like a rock!Tanjirou	Ahhh!![Action: Tanjirou throws the hatchet, along with the demon’s head.]Demon	Gahhh![Action: The demon’s head is pinned against a tree.]Tanjirou	Okay![Action: Tanjirou runs off into the forest.]Demon	I wrapped my hair around his hatchet to grab it, but it got tangled up! Dammit![Scene: Deeper in the forest. Tanjirou searches for Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Nezuko! Where are you?[Action: Tanjirou continues running, eventually finding Nezuko. The demon’s headless body kicks her.]Nezuko	Ugh!Tanjirou	Nezuko!Stop it![Action: Tanjirou tackles the body, accidentally flinging both of them off a cliff.]Tanjirou	Ahhh![Scene: In the forest, at night. Tanjirou is falling off a cliff.]Tanjirou	Ahh!Urgh…[Action: Before Tanjirou can fall, Nezuko grabs the collar of his clothing. The headless body continues to fall. When the body falls on its neck, the demon feels it.]Demon	Gahhh![Scene: Back at the temple. Tanjirou draws a small blade to kill the unconscious demon head.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I wonder if there are tons of demons out there.(Thoughts) This isn’t the scent that was lingering in my house. That was a different demon…(Thoughts) But… I gotta finish him off, or he’ll attack more people. (Thoughts) So… I gotta do it![Action: Tanjirou’s breathing gets harder as he hesitates to kill the demon.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Do it![Action: A hand reaches out and takes Tanjirou’s shoulder.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Ah![Action: tanjirou turns to see a man wearing a tengu mask.]Urokodaki	You can’t finish him off with that.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) A goblin mask!(Thoughts) I didn’t hear his footsteps! H-How can I finish him off?Urokodaki	Don’t ask me.Can’t you use your own head to figure that out?Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) If stabbing is no good… I’ll have to crush his head![Action: Tanjirou grabs a fairly large rock and stands before the demon’s head.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) To crush his skull and smash it completely, I guess I’m going to have to pound him with this rock many times.(Thoughts) I bet he’s going to suffer.(Thoughts) Isn’t there anything I can use to kill him with one blow?Urokodaki	(Thoughts) Ahh… This kid isn’t going to cut it. (Thoughts) He’s too kind and can’t make decisions.(Thoughts) He’s facing a demon, yet the scent of kindness remains. (Thoughts) He has empathy for even a demon.(Thoughts) Giyuu… he’s never going to make it.[Action: The demon regains consciousness.]Demon	Ugh…(Thoughts) Ah… I blacked out. (Thoughts) Is my body dead, then? (Thoughts) I feel sick!Ah![Action: The demon notices Tanjirou and begins trying to grab at him.]Demon	You bastard, I’ll kill you! I swear I’ll devour you!Get over here! Dammit!I can’t go to you, so you come to me!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I faltered too long. Now the sun’s coming up!Demon	Are you listening, you brat?!Ah… Bwahh! Gahh! Ahh!![Action: In the sunlight, the demon is burned alive and disintegrates.]Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) He’s gone with that much sunlight?!(Thoughts) No wonder Nezuko shrinks from it!Ah…[Action: Tanjirou looks around.]Tanjirou	Nezuko?Nezuko?![Action: Tanjirou runs back to the temple. He sighs in relief when he sees Nezuko in her basket.]Tanjirou	Nezuko… Ah…O-Oh, that’s right. Where’s that man?[Action: Tanjirou walks to the side of the temple, where Urokodaki squats with his hands in prayer.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He buried the people who got killed.Umm…Urokodaki	I’m Sakonji Urokodaki.I’m assuming you’re the one Giyuu Tomioka sent my way.Tanjirou	Yes! My name is Tanjirou Kamado!My sister’s name is Nezuko, and…Urokodaki	Tanjirou… What will you do when your sister devours a human?Tanjirou	Huh…?[Action: Urokodaki slaps Tanjirou across the face.]Tanjirou	Ah…Urokodaki	Too slow!You’re just too slow at making decisions!You failed to finish off that demon before daybreak!Do you know why you couldn’t answer my question right away? It’s because your resolve is too weak!There are two things to do if your sister devours a human. Kill your sister! And slit your own belly and die!That’s what it means to travel with your sister who became a demon! But that must never happen no matter what. And best you not forget.Your sister, taking the life of an innocent person… That’s the one thing that must never happen. Ever!Do you understand what I’m saying?Tanjirou	Yes!Urokodaki	All right, now I’m going to test you to see if you’re fit to become a member of the Demon Slayer Corps.Carry your sister on your back and follow me![Action: Urokodaki begins running through farmlands, with Tanjirou following him some distance behind.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s so fast! Just how old is he anyway?! (Thoughts) And, like earlier, I’m not hearing any footsteps at all!(Thoughts) Nezuko, I know it must be jarring, but please be patient!(Thoughts) Well, being patient is all that you’ve ever known. (Thoughts) Nezuko… all your life…(Flashback) You’re fixing your kimono again? I guess we’ll have to buy you a new one.Nezuko	(Flashback) No, no, it’s all right! This kimono is my favorite! (Flashback) I’d rather the younger kids got more food to fill them up!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I swear I’ll turn you back into a human! (Thoughts) I swear I’ll buy you a beautiful kimono someday!(Thoughts) Everything that I couldn’t do for the others… I’ll do it all for you![Scene: In the late afternoon. Tanjirou and Urokodaki have arrived at Urokodaki’s house. Tanjirou is dead tired.]Tanjirou	N-Now, have I… passed the test?Urokodaki	The test starts now.We’re going to climb a mountain.Tanjirou	Ahh…![Action: Tanjirou lies a sleeping Nezuko down in Urokodaki’s house.]Urokodaki	I’ll make sure to take care of your sister for you.Tanjirou	I’m counting on you, sir.[Action: At night, Urokodaki and Tanjirou set out to climb the mountain.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m exhausted… My legs are starting to buckle! (Thoughts) I’m starting to feel dizzy, too.[Action: Urokodaki stops.]Tanjirou	Ah…Urokodaki	Now, from here, go back down to the house at the foot of the mountain.This time, I’m not going to wait until daybreak![Action: Urokodaki disappears into the mist.]Tanjirou	What?(Thoughts) Is that all?(Thoughts) I see. He thinks I might get lost in this thick fog. (Thoughts) I just have to get back by daybreak, right? (Thoughts) That’s easy! I’ve got a great sense of smell!(Thoughts) I’ve already memorized Mr. Urokodaki’s scent![Action: Tanjirou begins running down the mountain. His leg hits a tripwire.]Tanjirou	Wah![Action: As Tanjirou looks around, several rocks fly toward him, hitting his face.]Tanjirou	Gah!(Thoughts) Rocks?![Action: Tanjirou takes a few steps to the side and falls into a hole.]Tanjirou	Ahh!Ugh…(Thoughts) A pitfall!(Thoughts) I get it now. So there are traps all around! (Thoughts) That’s the deal, huh?[Action: As Tanjirou crawls out of the hole, he reaches forward and triggers another tripwire.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Uh-oh!Urgh![Action: From behind, a log attached to a rope swings forward and hits Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ugh…(Thoughts) Crap, crap, crap!(Thoughts) If I keep walking into traps like this, I won’t make it down the mountain by morning!(Thoughts) And besides, this mountain… This mountain is… (Thoughts) The air is thin here!(Thoughts) It’s way thinner here than on the mountain where I used to live!(Thoughts) That’s why I’m gasping for air like this and feel so dizzy![Action: Tanjirou continues running forward.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Will I make it back? I might pass out! (Thoughts) No! I gotta make it back![Action: Tanjirou pauses.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Get your breathing under control… and sniff out each of those traps!Ah![Action: Tanjirou continues running. He activates a tripwire, sending logs on ropes flying his way. He manages to dodge them. As he continues, he manages to avoid hitting the tripwires and other traps.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Right! I’ve got it! I’ve got it!(Thoughts) Traps set by human hands have a slightly different scent after all![Action: Tanjirou hits a trap, sending him into a bamboo pole that flings him up and into the ground.]Tanjirou	Urk!(Thoughts) But that doesn’t mean… I’m suddenly athletic enough to dodge every one of them!(Thoughts) I’m gonna make it back no matter what! (Thoughts) Nezuko![Scene: At Urokodaki’s house. Urokodaki watches over Nezuko as the sky is beginning to become light. Tanjirou opens the sliding door.]Tanjirou	I… have… returned…[Action: Tanjirou falls to the ground.]Tomioka	(Flashback) Forgive my abruptness, Mr. Sakonji Urokodaki.(Flashback) I’m sending a boy your way who wants to become a Demon Slayer swordsman.(Flashback) He was brazen enough to attack me unarmed.(Flashback) His family was slaughtered by a demon, and the surviving younger sister has become one, but I have determined that she will not attack humans.(Flashback) I can sense something different about these two. (Flashback) Like yourself, the boy seems to have a keen sense of smell.(Flashback) Perhaps he’ll find a way to break through and become your heir apparent. (Flashback) I am asking you to train him.(Flashback) I realize that this is a self-serving request, but please forgive me. (Flashback) I hope that you will take good care of yourself in your endeavors.(Flashback) Yours truly, Giyuu Tomioka.Urokodaki	I accept you as my student, Tanjirou Kamado.Demon Slayer S.1 E.03Title: Sabito and MakomoCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Sakonji Urokodaki, Sabito, MakomoJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At Urokodaki’s house at night. Tanjirou writes in his journal. After he finishes, he watches Nezuko for some time before Urokodaki calls him.]Urokodaki	Let’s go.Urokodaki	The Demon Slayer Corps has around several hundred members.It’s an organization unrecognized by the government.Yet, it has existed since ancient times, and we continue to hunt demons today. But as for who’s leading the Demon Slayer Corps, that remains a mystery.Demons. Staple food: humans! They kill humans and feed on them.No one knows when and where they first appeared.Their physical prowess is remarkable. Wounds heal in the blink of an eye. Flesh is restored after being hacked off, and libs can be newly regenerated.Some demons can shapeshift. Others have otherworldly powers.They can only be killed by sunlight or by decapitation with a special sword. The Demon Slayers battle the demons with their own mortal bodies.Since they’re human, their wounds are slow to heal, and, once lost, their limbs don’t grow back!Even so, they battle the demons… to protect other humans.[Scene: On Mt. Sagiri. Tanjirou trains.]Urokodaki	I am a trainer. I literally train swordsmen.There are many trainers, and each of them train their pupils with their own regimen in their location.To join the Demon Slayer Corps, you must survive the Final Selection process held on Mt. Fujikasane.Whether or not you’re eligible for the Final Selection is up to me.[Action: Tanjirou jumps over a tripwire.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Narration) Starting today, I’m going to keep a journal for Nezuko. (Narration) I’m descending the mountain again today.(Narration) I’m going to train my hardest so I won’t die during the Final Selection.Ah! Urgh…![Action: A log swings toward Tanjirou. He barely dodges it. He jumps over another tripwire.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Narration) After repeatedly descending the mountain day after day, I’m starting to learn how to avoid most of the traps.(Narration) It’s because I’m much stronger now, and because I’m even more adept at detecting scents than before.(Narration) Even so… Ah![Action: A bunch of short swords come flying toward Tanjirou and plant themselves into a tree near him.]Tanjirou	(Narration) … the traps are getting more and more difficult. (Narration) He may really want to kill me![Scene: On Mt. Sagiri during the day. Tanjirou descends the mountain again.]Tanjirou	(Narration) I made my descent today, sword in hand, but the sword really hampered my movement.Ah… Ahh!![Action: Tanjirou gets caught in a rope trap and goes flying into the air.]Tanjirou	(Narration) With the sword, I can’t stop getting ensnared in all the traps![Action: Tanjirou practices his sword swinging.]Tanjirou	991! 992!(Narration) I swung the sword today.(Narration) Well, it’s not just today. I’ve been swinging the sword every single day.(Narration) After descending the mountain, I swing my sword until my arms nearly fall off. 1,000!Urokodaki	500 more!Tanjirou	Gah![Scene: On Mt. Sagiri during the day. Urokodaki trains Tanjirou on how to slice cleanly.]Urokodaki	Swords break easily.Tanjirou	(Narration) That’s what he told me beforehand.(Narration) Though it’s strong vertically, it’s weak horizontally. (Narration) You need to apply the force straight along the blade.(Narration) The blade’s direction and the direction in which you apply the force must be exactly the same.(Narration) And he added, “If you ever damage the blade, in other words, break it, I’ll snap your bones, as well,” in a threatening voice.[Action: Tanjirou writes in his journal. He rubs the sleep from his eyes.]Tanjirou	Nezuko… I’ll keep working hard, okay?[Scene: Some days later, on Mt. Sagiri. Tanjirou faces Urokodaki with his sword in hand.]Tanjirou	Huh?[Action: The world starts spinning, and Tanjirou falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	Urk!Tanjirou	(Narration) Today, I did nothing but fall.(Narration) Training to break my fall and get up quickly from any position. Argh![Action: Tanjirou lunges toward Urokodaki with his sword.]Tanjirou	(Narration) I wield my sword, and I charge Mr. Urokodaki, really trying to kill him.Ahhh!!(Narration) In contrast, Mr. Urokodaki is bare-handed and unarmed.[Action: Urokodaki rushes forward and grabs Tanjirou’s shirt.]Tanjirou	Huh?![Action: Urokodaki throws Tanjirou over his shoulder.]Tanjirou	Ah!What?!(Narration) But he’s ridiculously powerful!(Narration) He flings me away to roll on the ground every time.[Action: Tanjirou arrives back at Urokodaki’s house. He goes to Nezuko’s bed.]Tanjirou	I’m home, Nezuko.[Scene: On Mt. Sagiri during the day. Tanjirou continues training.]Tanjirou	(Narration) Today, I learned breathing techniques and some forms.Total Concentration Breathing?Urokodaki	That’s right. And I’m going to teach you all ten of the Water Breathing forms.Remember to take a long breath so the oxygen flows into every cell in your body.This will enhance your body’s natural healing power, and both stabilize and energize your spirit.Relax your upper body while bracing your lower half. All right, breathe![Action: Tanjirou takes a deep breath in and exhales. Urokodaki hits him in the stomach.]Tanjirou	Gah!Urokodaki	Wrong! Tanjirou	Agh…! Urokodaki	Next! Forms![Action: Tanjirou practices the Water Breathing forms.]Tanjirou	Right! Like this?Urokodaki	Wrong! Tanjirou	Like this? Urokodaki	Wrong!Tanjirou	This?Urokodaki	Wrong!Tanjirou	This?Urokodaki	Wrong![Action: Urokodaki elbows Tanjirou in the stomach multiple times.]Tanjirou	(Narration) I get yelled at for not bracing my stomach and am clobbered to a pulp.[Scene: Tanjirou and Urokodaki stand on a cliff near a waterfall.]Tanjirou	(Narration) Next, he told me to become one with the water.Urokodaki	Get in there!Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Urokodaki kicks Tanjirou off the cliff.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Ahhh! Nezuko!![Action: Tanjirou belly flops into the water below. He stands under the waterfall.]Tanjirou	Ahhh!! Nezuko! I am water![Action: Tanjirou faints.]Tanjirou	(Narration) And now it’s been six months since Nezuko was last awake.(Narration) Mr. Urokodaki summoned the doctor right away and had him examine her, but he found nothing wrong.(Narration) But it’s not normal for her to stay asleep like this. (Narration) I was scared.(Narration) I worry that one morning, I’ll wake up to find her dead. (Narration) Not a day goes by that I don’t worry.[Scene: On Mt. Sagiri. Tanjirou continues his mountain descent.]Tanjirou	(Narration) My descents are getting more dangerous, and the air’s even thinner where I train.Ngh… Urgh… Agh![Action: Tanjirou nearly slips off the side of a mountain.]Tanjirou	(Narration) Time and time again, I think I might die.Agh![Action: Tanjirou parries several short swords. The sun rises.][Scene: On Mt. Sagiri. Tanjirou catches his breath.]Urokodaki	I have nothing more to teach you.Tanjirou	(Narration) A year after I arrived at Mt. Sagiri, he told me all of a sudden… Huh?Urokodaki	The rest is up to you!Whether or not you can improve to the next level. Come with me![Action: Tanjirou and Urokodaki climb further up the mountain. Snow is falling.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Urokodaki and Tanjirou stop in front of a large boulder.]Urokodaki	If you can slice this boulder, I will allow you to enter the Final Selection.Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) Is a boulder… something you slice? (Thoughts) Something you can slice with a sword?(Thoughts) I don’t think I can do it. My sword will snap![Action: Urokodaki turns to leave.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Mr. Urokodaki, please wait! Mr. Urokodaki!(Narration) After that, Mr. Urokodaki never taught me anything again. Ngh…![Action: Tanjirou draws his sword.]Tanjirou	Argh![Action: Tanjirou hits the boulder with his sword. A shockwave runs through him.]Tanjirou	Urk!Ah… Hah… Argh![Action: Tanjirou strikes again at the boulder.]Tanjirou	(Narration) Every day, I practiced over and over what I’d learned from Mr. Urokodaki.(Narration) The basics like holding the breath and flexibility… I was glad I had written those down in my journal.Argh![Action: Tanjirou strikes the boulder multiple times.]Tanjirou	(Narration) But… even after six months had passed, I still couldn’t slice the boulder. (Narration) I felt frustrated.(Thoughts) Not enough! I’m not training hard enough!(Thoughts) I gotta do more! More![Action: Tanjirou descends the mountain again. He goes back to slice the boulder.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Am I… hopeless?(Thoughts) Is Nezuko going to die without ever waking up? (Thoughts) Ahh! I’ll almost give in! I’m breaking down![Action: Tanjirou hits his head against the boulder.]Tanjirou	Keep working, Tanjirou! You can do it!Sabito	Shut up!Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou looks up to see Sabito sitting on the boulder.]Sabito	A man shouldn’t whine. It’s unseemly.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) When did he show up?(Thoughts) There’s no scent. A fox mask?Sabito	No matter how you suffer, bear it in silence… if you’re a man.[Action: Sabito jumps from the boulder.]Sabito	If you call yourself a man.Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Sabito attacks Tanjirou with a wooden sword. Tanjirou blocks it before getting hit, but Sabito kicks him away.]Tanjirou	Urk… Agh!Urgh…Sabito	Slow. Weak. Immature.That’s not what you call a man.[Scene: On Mt. Sagiri. Tanjirou faces Sabito.]Tanjirou	What are you doing?Sabito	I’d like to know what you think you’re doing.Tanjirou	What do you mean? I’m training.Sabito	How long do you plan to keep your butt on the ground without even taking a stance?Tanjirou	Ah…!Ngh![Action: Tanjirou gets up and readies himself.]Sabito	Come on. Come at me.Tanjirou	But you have a wooden sword, and I have a real sword!Sabito	Hahaha… Hahaha!Tanjirou	Huh…?Sabito	Well, well! Thank you for worrying about me.So you think you’re actually going to injure me![Action: Sabito charges forward. Tanjirou parries Sabito’s attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!Sabito	Well, you have absolutely nothing to worry about!I’m more powerful than you because I’ve sliced that boulder!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He sliced that boulder?[Action: Sabito pushes Tanjirou back and jumps off a tree to charge toward Tanjirou. Tanjirou parries his attack again.]Tanjirou	Agh…![Action: Sabito rushes through the trees, too quickly for Tanjirou to see. Sabito strikes Tanjirou down before he can parry.]Sabito	You’ve learned nothing.You haven’t mastered a single thing!Particularly, the breathing technique Mr. Urokodaki taught you… Total Concentration Breathing.Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) He knows Mr. Urokodaki? And the breathing technique, too?[Action: Tanjirou sits up to face Sabito.]Sabito	All you did was memorize it as fact.Your body has no clue what it needs to do.What the hell were you doing for a whole year and a half?[Action: Sabito strikes at Tanjirou again. Tanjirou parries.]Tanjirou	Urgh…!Sabito	Slam it into your flesh![Action: Sabito and Tanjirou exchange blows.]Sabito	More! More! More!So that you’ll never forget the secrets Mr. Urokodaki taught you! Pound it into the marrow of your bones!Tanjirou	I’m trying!I’m trying every single day! With everything I’ve got! But I’m not making any headway!I just can’t go any further!Sabito	Go further! If you’re a man![Action: Sabito strikes Tanjirou with the wooden sword.]Sabito	If you call yourself a man!There’s no other way to go but forward! Bring it on!Show me what you’re capable of!Tanjirou	Ahhh!!Urgh![Action: Tanjirou charges forward at Sabito, but Sabito hits Tanjirou on his chin, knocking him out. Makomo appears.]Sabito	I’m leaving the rest to you.Makomo	Yeah.[Scene: At night. Tanjirou wakes up.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ah… Makomo	Are you all right? Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou sits up.]Tanjirou	Did you see that just now?Makomo	Huh?Tanjirou	What a strike that was!Not a single bit of wasted motion! It was really beautiful!I want to become like that!You think I can become like him?Makomo	Heh…I’m sure you can… since I’ll be looking after you. Hehe!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) She’s so cute…Who are you?(Narration) This girl’s name was Makomo. (Narration) She told me the boy’s name was Sabito. (Narration) Makomo also pointed out my defects.(Narration) She corrected my unnecessary movements and bad habits.(Narration) But when I asked her why she was doing that, and where she came from, she didn’t tell me anything.Makomo	Both he and I love Mr. Urokodaki very much.Tanjirou	(Narration) That was Makomo’s pet phrase. (Narration) She and Sabito weren’t siblings.(Narration) She said Mr. Urokodaki raised them after they’d been orphaned.Makomo	There are other children besides us.They’re always watching you, Tanjirou.Tanjirou	(Narration) Makomo is a somewhat strange girl. (Narration) She speaks in such an abstract, dreamy way.Makomo	See, Total Concentration Breathing accelerates your blood circulation and your heart rate.That causes your body temperature to spike, making you as strong as a demon while staying human.The most important thing is to expand your lung capacity.When you bring lots of air into your blood, and when your blood gets excited, your bones and muscles scurry to heat up and grow stronger.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m not sure I get that.How can I do that?Makomo	Train to death.At the end of the day, there’s nothing else you can do.[Action: Tanjirou continues his training.]Tanjirou	(Narration) Until my arms and legs were ready to fall off…(Narration) Until my lungs and heart were ready to burst, I swung my sword. (Narration) But still… I just couldn’t beat Sabito.(Narration) Not until six months later.[Scene: Six months later, on Mt. Sagiri. Tanjirou and Sabito face each other.]Tanjirou	(Narration) When I challenged him that day, Sabito was wielding a real sword.Sabito	After six months, finally, you have the look of a man.[Action: Sabito draws his sword.]Tanjirou	Today’s the day I win!(Thoughts) Head-on battles are simple. (Thoughts) Whoever’s stronger and faster wins.[Action: Tanjirou breathes deeply. Both Tanjirou and Sabito charge forward.]Tanjirou	(Narration) The battle was over in an instant.[Action: Tanjirou slices straight down the middle before Sabito can.]Tanjirou	(Narration) On this day, in this moment, for the first time, my blade reached Sabito first.[Action: Sabito’s mask splits in two.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Sabito smiles.]Tanjirou	(Narration) The moment I won, Sabito smiled.(Narration) He looked sad and happy. A relieved kind of smile.Makomo	Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Ah…Makomo	You did great. Don’t forget what you just did.Win, okay, Tanjirou? Beat that guy, too.Tanjirou	Ah…(Narration) The next thing I knew, Sabito was gone… Ah…!(Narration) … and my sword, which I was sure had slashed Sabito’s mask… had sliced the boulder.Demon Slayer S.1 E.04Title: Final SelectionCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Sakonji Urokodaki, Sabito, Makomo, Kiriya Ubuyashiki, Kanata Ubuyashiki, Shigeru Kamado, Demon Slayer candidate, assorted demons, Hand Demon (Hand Oni)Japanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. Tanjirou	(Narration) The reason I won… was because I learned to detect the scent of the opening thread.(Narration) When I’m battling someone and I pick up this scent, then I can see the thread.(Narration) The thread is connected from my blade to my opponent’s opening, growing taut the instant I see it.(Narration) My blade is drawn toward it with great force, and then I slash the opening.[Scene: In the forest. Tanjirou has cut the boulder in half successfully. Urokodaki walks toward him.]Tanjirou	Mr. Urokodaki…Urokodaki	I had no intention of sending you to the Final Selection.I didn’t want to see children die anymore.I was sure you wouldn’t be able to slice this boulder, but…[Action: Urokodaki pats Tanjirou on the head.]Urokodaki	Well done, my boy.Tanjirou, you’re… a remarkable kid.[Action: Tanjirou tears up. Urokodaki hugs him.]Urokodaki	Make sure you come back alive from the Final Selection.Both your sister and I will be waiting for you here.[Scene: At Urokodaki’s hut. Urokodaki is preparing dinner.]Tanjirou	Wow… What’s the occasion? There’s so much.Urokodaki	You’ve completed all your training, so we’re celebrating.Don’t be shy. Eat up.Tanjirou	Thank you very much![Action: Urokodaki offers a bowl to Tanjirou, and Tanjirou takes it. He eats heartily.]Urokodaki	(Thoughts) Tanjirou… there’s nothing more I can do for you.(Thoughts) From here on out, you’ll be going through such hardship and strife. Your training will seem like nothing in comparison.(Thoughts) So for now, at least, you should rest well without a care in the world.[Action: Later in the night, Tanjirou cuts his hair.]Urokodaki	Hey, Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Yes?Urokodaki	Did you enjoy that hot pot?Tanjirou	Yes! I haven’t had such a feast in so long!Urokodaki	A growing boy like you with a hearty appetite should get stronger the more he eats, as well as grow bigger in size.But that goes for demons, too.Remember this. Basically, a demon is as strong as the number of humans he’s devoured.Tanjirou	So, the more they eat, the stronger they get?Urokodaki	That’s right. There are demons who gain power, become able to transform their bodies, and even use strange spells.[Action: Urokodaki takes out a fox mask from a cabinet.]Urokodaki	When your sense of smell becomes keener, you’ll be able to tell how many humans a demon has consumed.[Action: Urokodaki gives Tanjirou the fox mask.]Tanjirou	What’s this?Urokodaki	It’s called a “warding mask.”I’ve charged it with a spell to protect you from harm.Tanjirou	A warding mask…[Scene: The next morning. Tanjirou prepares for the Final Selection. Before he leaves, he goes to the back room where Nezuko is sleeping.]Tanjirou	Nezuko…[Action: Tanjirou takes Nezuko’s hand and holds it.]Tanjirou	I’m coming back here no matter what, all right?[Action: Urokodaki sees Tanjirou off.]Urokodaki	Don’t worry about your sister. I’ll take good care of her.Tanjirou	All right! Thank you very much![Action: Tanjirou runs a bit from the house before looking back.]Tanjirou	I’ll be going, then, Mr. Urokodaki![Action: Tanjirou waves and runs a bit further from the house as Urokodaki also waves goodbye. Tanjirou turns around once again to wave back to Urokodaki.]Tanjirou	Say hello to Sabito and Makomo for me!Urokodaki	What?Tanjirou… how do you… know the names of those dead children?[Scene: At night. Tanjirou walks on a path through wisteria flowers.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Wow… Look at all these wisteria flowers. Even though they’re out of season…[Action: Tanjirou makes his way to a shrine where many other students are waiting.]Tanjirou	Ah…There are so many.Kiriya, KanataEveryone. We thank you for coming here tonight to the Demon Slayers Corps Final Selection.Kanata	There are demons imprisoned here on Mt. Fujikasane, captured alive by the Demon Slayer swordsmen, and unable to leave.Kiriya	That is because wisteria, which demons hate so much, blooms year-round from the bottom to halfway up the mountain.Kanata	However, there is no wisteria from this point on, and so demons abound.Kiriya	You need to survive here for seven days to pass the Final Selection.Kiriya, KanataAnd now, be on your way.[Scene: Tanjirou runs through the forest by himself.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Survive for seven days… That’s all I’m going to think about.[Action: Tanjirou kneels by a boulder and surveys the area.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) First, I’m going to survive tonight.(Thoughts) Once the sun comes up, the demons won’t be able to do anything, so I can get some rest then.(Thoughts) So I’ll have to head east!(Thoughts) I’m gonna make my way to where the sunlight will hit first![Action: Tanjirou stops and prepares to draw his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This smell… It’s a demon! And it’s nearby![Action: The demon runs through the trees around Tanjirou as he surveys the area.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Where is it? Where is it coming from?(Thoughts) I can’t pinpoint the direction of the scent! From above?![Action: Tanjirou looks up. A demon jumps from the treetops and aims for Tanjirou. Tanjirou rolls out of the way, causing the demon to fly into the ground.]Demon 1	Hahaha!Tanjirou	A demon…[Action: A second demon appears from behind, jumping and aiming to strike Tanjirou.]Demon 2	Gyaa!!Tanjirou	Ah! Urk![Action: Tanjirou draws his sword, using it to block the demon from scratching him. Tanjirou is launched back.]Demon 1	Damn you![Action: Demon 1 attacks Demon 2.]Demon 1	Don’t even try to grab my prey, man! Get off my turf, dammit!Demon 2	The hell with you! Just beat it!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Two of them right from the get-go? I wonder if I can take them!Demon 1	That’s my prey, you know!Demon 2	Shut up! It’s first come, first served![Action: Both demons run to Tanjirou, jump up, and attack. Tanjirou blocks their attacks. Demon 2 kicks Tanjirou away.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m okay! Just calm down and watch their movements!(Thoughts) Remember the training![Action: The demons run at Tanjirou again.]Demon 2	It’s been ages since I last had human flesh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Total Concentration! Water Breathing![Action: Tanjirou breathes in deeply. The threads connecting his sword to the demons’ weak points appear.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The scent of the thread!(Thoughts) Fourth Form! Striking Tide![Action: With one attack, Tanjirou kills both demons.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I did it… I defeated demons! I’ve grown stronger! (Thoughts) All that training wasn’t for nothing… I’ve mastered it!(Thoughts) If I slash a demon with the sword Mr. Urokodaki gave me,[Action: Tanjirou remembers his training with Urokodaki.]Urokodaki	(Flashback) A demon’s weak spot is its neck!(Flashback) But you can’t kill it with a normal sword even if you slash its neck.Tanjirou	(Flashback) Then, how can I take it down?Urokodaki	(Flashback) The swords wielded by the Demon Slayer Corps were forged with a special kind of steel. That’s the only way to kill a demon.(Flashback) They’re called the “Nichirin Swords.”[Action: Tanjirou sheaths his sword. He puts his hands together to pray for the demons.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Rest in peace.[Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air and swiftly pinches his nose.]Tanjirou	What’s this rotten smell?Boy	Ahhh!![Action: Tanjirou looks to the side. He sees a candidate running through the forest.]Boy	No one ever told me! I never signed up for this!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s going on?[Action: Tanjirou watches from behind a tree. He gasps when he sees a giant demon, the Hand Demon, lumbering through the forest after the boy.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What the hell is that?![Scene: In the forest where Tanjirou trained with Urokodaki.]Makomo	Hey, Sabito… Do you think Tanjirou can beat that one?Sabito	I don’t know.No matter how hard you try, it’s never enough. You know that well yourself, don’t you?[Scene: Back at the Final Selection forest. The candidate is still running from the Hand Demon. He trips and falls.]Boy	What’s this morphed demon doing here anyway? They didn’t tell us![Action: The Hand Demon comes into view. He holds a dead candidate in his grasp. As Tanjirou watches from behind a tree, the Hand Demon eats the dead candidate.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He got eaten![Action: The Hand Demon grows in size. The candidate gets up and runs off.]Boy	Ahhh!![Action: Before the boy can get far, the Hand Demon’s arms extend, catching the boy by the ankle and pulling him back.]Boy	Ahh!!Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou hesitates, but grips his sword handle firmly.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t wimp out!(Thoughts) Save him… Save him! Save him! (Thoughts) I’m not powerless anymore! (Thoughts) Move!(Thoughts) Water Breathing! Second Form! Water Wheel![Action: Before the boy is eaten, Tanjirou cuts off the Hand Demon’s arm. The boy drops to the ground near Tanjirou. The Hand Demon sees the fox mask on Tanjirou’s head.]Hand Oni	Another sweet little fox has come to me.Tanjirou	“Another”?[Action: The Hand Demon’s arm grows back.]Hand Oni	Little fox cub, what is the year of Meiji now?Tanjirou	It’s the Taisho Period now!Hand Oni	Taisho?Ahhh!! Holy crap!! Time has passed into a new period?! Again! Again while I’ve been held prisoner inside this place! Ahhh!! Unforgivable! Unforgivable!!Damn you, Urokodaki! Damn you, Urokodaki! Damn you, Urokodaki! Damn you,Urokodaki!!Tanjirou	How do you know Mr. Urokodaki?Hand Oni	I know him, all right! Because Urokodaki is the one who captured me!I’ll never forget that day 47 years ago!Back when he was still hunting demons. It was the Edo Period during the Keio Era.Tanjirou	Hunting demons? Edo Period?Boy	You’re lying! No demon has ever lived that long!The only demons in here should be the ones who’ve eaten just two or three humans!They don’t live long because they’re killed during the Final Selection, and they even eat their own kind!Hand Oni	Yeah, but I’ve survived all this time.Inside this wisteria prison, I’ve eaten at least fifty of you brats.Tanjirou	Fifty…?Hand Oni	Eleven… twelve… thirteen… That makes you Number 14!Tanjirou	What are you talking about?!Hand Oni	The number of Urokodaki’s disciples I’ve eaten, that’s what.I promised myself to kill every one of his disciples.Tanjirou	Wha…Hand Oni	Let’s see… The ones who particularly stand out to me… It’s those two.Those two… That brat’s hair was an unusual color. He was the most powerful. A scar by his mouth.The other one was a female brat in a flowery kimono. She was small and lacking in power, but she was awfully agile.Tanjirou	Wha…?(Thoughts) They had already been killed by this demon? But I was with them!Hand Oni	That mask. I can tell by the fox masks.I know the texture of the masks Urokodaki carved. The same style of carving he used for his own goblin mask.Warding masks, right? Everyone got eaten just because they were wearing them. They’re all here inside my belly. Urokodaki might as well have killed them himself! When I said that to the girl, she was crying and fell into a rage.And right after that, she lost control of her movements.I ripped off her limbs, and then…Tanjirou	Grr… Yahhh!![Action: Tanjirou runs toward the Hand Demon. The Hand Demon attempts to grab Tanjirou, but Tanjirou cuts all his hands away.]Sabito	Calm down, Tanjirou. Your breathing is uneven.It’s all right. Never mind us![Action: The Hand Demon punches Tanjirou from the side, sending Tanjirou flying into a tree. Tanjirou falls to the ground, and the fox mask breaks. The Hand Demon moves toward Tanjirou.]Boy	(Thoughts) I’m getting out of here while the demon’s taking out that guy![Action: The candidate runs away from the scene.]Hand Oni	Another one of Urokodaki’s brats is dying.I wonder how he’s gonna feel when another one of his kids doesn’t come home. I wonder what kind of look he’ll have on his face.Oh man, I wish I could see it.[Action: Shigeru calls from Tanjirou’s subconscious.]Shigeru	Big Bro… Big Bro…! Big Bro!Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou wakes up and jumps out of the way before getting hit by the Hand Demon.]Hand Oni	(Thoughts) He dodged it! So he can still move?Great! I can have some fun![Action: The Hand Demon’s arms extend toward Tanjirou again. Tanjirou cuts each arm and sends each hand flying. When the arms regrow, Tanjirou escapes through the trees.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Damn! No matter how many arms I cut, they grow back in a second!Hand Oni	You can’t defeat me just by slashing off my arms.Then again, even that pink-haired brat couldn’t slice off my head![Action: Tanjirou cuts off a few more hands and stops to face the Hand Demon.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t just let this one go.(Thoughts) Before any more lives are sacrificed, I gotta bring him down now! Ahhh!![Action: Tanjirou runs forward and cuts the Hand Demon’s arms. He sniffs the air as he runs.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) A demon’s scent coming from the ground?[Action: Tanjirou jumps into the air as multiple arms burst from the ground.]Hand Oni	(Thoughts) H-He jumped! Dammit, I missed him!(Thoughts) But there’s no way he can dodge this attack in mid-air![Action: The Hand Demon’s arm extends and reaches out to grab Tanjirou’s head.]Makomo	Do you think Tanjirou’s going to lose, too?His neck is so tough, after all.Sabito	He may lose, and yet, he may win.Either way, there’s one irrefutable fact.That Tanjirou… is the man who sliced the toughest, largest boulder of all.Tanjirou	Urk![Action: Tanjirou headbutts the Hand Demon’s hand.]Hand Oni	(Thoughts) He deflected me!Tanjirou	Uraaa!![Action: Tanjirou runs down the Hand Demon’s arm. As he does, multiple arms grow from the arm and aim at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Total Concentration! Water Breathing![Action: Tanjirou cuts down each of the smaller arms and makes his way to the Hand Demon’s head.]Hand Oni	(Thoughts) He got too close to me!(Thoughts) Not to worry. My neck is tough! He can’t slash it!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) First Form!Hand Oni	(Thoughts) As soon as he fails to cut my neck, I’m going to crush his head! Just like I did to the other one![Action: The thread appears.]Tanjirou	Uahhhh!![Action: Tanjirou cuts the Hand Demon’s neck, beheading him.]Hand Oni	Ugh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Water Surface Splash!Demon Slayer S.1 E.05Title: My Own SteelCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Hand Demon (Hand Oni), Human Hand Demon (H. Hand Oni), Zenitsu Agatsuma, Genya Shinazugawa, Sakonji Urokodaki, Kiriya Ubuyashiki, Kanata Ubuyashiki, Hand Demon’s brother, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Kasugai crow, demonsJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the Final Selection forest. Tanjirou is facing the Hand Demon.]Hand Oni	That mask. I can tell by the fox masks.Everyone got eaten just because they were wearing them.Tanjirou	Grr…[Action: Tanjirou charges forward. As the Hand Demon’s arms reach out to grab him, Tanjirou cuts them away.]Tanjirou	Ahhh!![Action: As Tanjirou is running, the Hand Demon’s arms spring up from the ground. Tanjirou jumps high into the air. While he’s suspended, the Hand Demon’s arms reach out toward him. Before he is crushed by the Hand Demon, Tanjirou headbutts the hand away. He continues running along the Hand Demon’s arm.]Tanjirou	Arhhh!(Thoughts) Total Concentration! Water Breathing![Action: Tanjirou cuts the arms of the Hand Demon. He jumps forward, ready to kill the Hand Demon.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) First Form!Ahhh!!(Thoughts) Water Surface Slash![Action: Tanjirou decapitates the Hand Demon.][Scene: In the Final Examination forest. The Hand Demon remembers the time when he was a young demon and got caught by Urokodaki after feeding on humans. In the present, Tanjirou is mid-air, ready to decapitate the Hand Demon.]Hand Oni	Urokodaki![Action: Tanjirou decapitates the Hand Demon. His head rolls away as his body quickly disintegrates.]Hand Oni	Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!My body’s crumbling and disappearing. I can’t stop it![Action: Tanjirou sheaths his sword.]Hand Oni	Dammit… To think that the face of a Demon Hunter will be the last thing I’ll ever see…[Action: Tanjirou turns to face the Hand Demon. Instead of happiness or anger, Tanjirou has a look of pity.]Hand Oni	How did it come to this?[Scene: In a dark realm, a young human boy, the Hand Demon, cries all alone.]H. Hand Oni	I’m so scared. I’m all alone.Brother, where are you?I want you to hold my hand! Like you always do!Why…? Why on earth did I bite you to death, Big Brother?[Scene: In the real world, Tanjirou walks over to what is left of the Hand Demon’s body.]Hand Oni	Huh? Wait, who’s this “Brother” person?Tanjirou	What a sad scent.[Action: Tanjirou takes the last hand of the Hand Demon’s body. The hand grips softly around Tanjirou’s hands. The Hand Demon cries. Tanjirou puts the Hand Demon’s hand to his forehead.]Tanjirou	God, please…The next time this man is reborn, please make sure he doesn’t turn into a demon.[Scene: In the dark realm, the young Hand Demon sees a light. He runs toward the light, which comes from a lantern his older brother carries.]H. Hand Oni	Brother!Brother	Hmm?H. Hand Oni	Brother! Brother!Hold my hand, will you?Brother	You’re hopeless, you know? Still such a scaredy-cat.[Scene: In the real world, the last of the Hand Demon’s body disintegrates. Tanjirou looks up and sees the forest where he trained with Sabito and Makomo. The spirits of the students killed by the Hand Demon are gathered.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Sabito, Makomo… and everyone else who was killed… (Thoughts) I won.(Thoughts) You can rest easy now.(Thoughts) I guess you’re going home as promised.(Thoughts) Even though you’re just souls, you’re going back to Mt. Sagiri… and to Mr. Urokodaki whom you love very much.(Thoughts) If I’d ended up dead, my soul would’ve returned there, too.[Scene: Tanjirou continues on. In the rain, a demon chases him through the Final Examination forest. Tanjirou traps the Demon using tree branches.]Demon	Grr!!Tanjirou	There’s something I want to ask you.How do I turn someone who’s become a demon back into a human?Demon	Grr… Gahh!![Action: The demon breaks through the tree branches and rushes toward Tanjirou, but Tanjirou kills it before it can get to him. Two more demons show up.]Tanjirou	Please tell me… how I can turn Nezuko…[Action: The two demons run toward Tanjirou.]Demons	Guahhh!Tanjirou	… back into a human![Action: Tanjirou kills the two demons. He continues running through the forest. For a moment, he stops. When he sniffs the air, he finds that he is surrounded by wisteria flowers.]Tanjirou	Wisteria?Hah… I made it.[Scene: In the morning. Tanjirou and three other candidates stand at the gathering area. Zenitsu, clad in yellow, looks exhausted. Genya, clad in black, looks angry. Kanao, clad in pink, is calm.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Only four of us? But there were at least twenty.I don’t see that guy here, either.It’s all because I blacked out at that moment. I couldn’t save him.Zenitsu	I’m gonna die.Tanjirou	Huh?Zenitsu	I’m a goner.Even if I survive now, I’m gonna die in the end anyway.Kiriya, KanataWelcome back.Kanata	Congratulations.Kiriya	We’re glad to see that you’re safe.Genya	So? What am I supposed to do now?Where’s my sword?Kanata	First, we shall issue you all uniforms.We will take your measurements, after which your rank will be engraved.Kiriya	There are ten ranks in all?Kanata	Kinoe.Kiriya	Kinoto.Kanata	Hinoe.Kiriya	Hinoto.Kanata	Tsuchinoe.Kiriya	Tsuchinoto.Kanata	Kanoe.Kiriya	Kanoto.Kanata	Mizunoe.Kiriya	Mizunoto.Kanata	Currently, you are at the lowest rank, Mizunoto.Genya	And our swords?Kanata	Today, we will let you choose the ore for your swords, but the swords will take ten to fifteen days to complete.Genya	Are you kidding me?Kanata	But first…[Action: Kanata claps her hands twice. Four crows fly toward Tanjirou and the other three survivors. One lands on Tanjirou’s shoulder. Zenitsu is afraid of his. Kanao and Genya handle theirs easily.]Tanjirou	Ah!Zenitsu	Eek!Kiriya	We will now assign each of you your own Kasugai Crow.Tanjirou	Kasugai Crow?Kanata	These Kasugai Crows can be used primarily for communication.[Action: Zenitsu has a sparrow perched on his hand.]Zenitsu	Did you say “crow”?Isn’t this a sparrow, though?Genya	Don’t give me that crap!Zenitsu	Eek![Action: Genya shakes the crow off his arm and marches toward Kiriya and Kanata.]Genya	Who the hell cares about some stupid crow?![Action: Genya grabs Kanata by her hair.]Tanjirou, ZenitsuAh!Genya	I want a sword, you hear?Gimme one right now.The Demon Slayers’ sword… The Color Changing Sword![Action: Tanjirou grabs Genya’s arm.]Genya	Huh?Tanjirou	Get your hand off her. Or else I’ll break your arm!Genya	Who the hell are you?Zenitsu	Wha--? Wh-Wh-What should I do?Genya	Let’s see you try it.[Action: Tanjirou takes a breath and begins squeezing Genya’s arm.]Genya	Ah… Grr… Ahh!!Zenitsu	Eek![Action: Genya lets go of Kanata and backs away, holding his arm. Tanjirou stands in front of Kanata.]Genya	Grr…Kiriya	Are you finished chatting?Genya	Grr…[Action: Kiriya pulls a cloth off a table, revealing a bunch of ores.]Kiriya	Now then, please select an ore.The steel for the sword that will annihilate demons and protect you will be of your own choosing.Zenitsu	Well, not that I’m going to live very long. Probably.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) They’re asking us to choose, but how are we supposed to pick one out? (Thoughts) I’ve never seen an ore before, and I can’t tell the difference anyway.Genya	I have absolutely no clue.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air. Soon after, he steps forward and chooses an ore.] [Scene: In a manor somewhere far away. Kagaya Ubuyashiki pets a Kasugai Crow.] Kagaya	I see.As many of five of them managed to survive, huh? Excellent.The number of my children has increased again.I wonder what kinds of swordsmen they’ll become.[Scene: In the late afternoon. Tanjirou struggles to walk, alone on a path through a rice field.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I was so naive.(Thoughts) I couldn’t even have a talk with a demon.(Thoughts) All they did was attack me and try to kill me right away. Sorry, Nezuko.I never got to ask them… how to turn a demon back into a human.[Action: Tanjirou collapses to the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Even my uniform is heavy.(Thoughts) I wanna get home as soon as possible, but my whole body hurts.Ugh…[Action: Tanjirou struggles but gets up again. He continues walking slowly up the mountain. At night, he reaches Urokodaki’s house.]Tanjirou	I made it…Nezuko… Mr. Urokodaki…[Action: The door to Urokodaki’s house is kicked down from the inside.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Nezuko comes walking out from the house.]Tanjirou	Hey! Nezuko! You… You’re awake![Action: Nezuko runs toward Tanjirou. Tanjirou starts running toward her as well.]Tanjirou	Nezuko! Ugh…[Action: Tanjirou falls flat on his face.]Tanjirou	Ouch…[Action: As Tanjirou gets up, Nezuko reaches him and pulls him into a hug. Tanjirou begins to sob.]Tanjirou	Ahh…Why… Why’d you fall asleep all of a sudden? Never waking up once!I was worried you were going to die, you know?![Action: Urokodaki comes out of the house with a bunch of firewood. Upon seeing Tanjirou, he drops the firewood, walks toward the siblings, and hugs them both.]Tanjirou	Uuh…Urokodaki	You came back to us alive.[Scene: In Urokodaki’s house, later that night. Tanjirou and Urokodaki sit by a fire.]Urokodaki	I see. You killed that morphed demon.Tanjirou	Yes.Urokodaki	At last.I’m truly impressed that you made it back.Tanjirou	Yes.Urokodaki	There are several kinds of demons.The demons who use a special spell called the “Blood Demon Art” possess supernatural abilities.You may have to fight those demons, as well, from now on.And battling them will be far more difficult than anything you’ve known until now.Even so, Tanjirou, I’m sure you’ll be fine.Tanjirou	Right.Um… I think that Nezuko’s not like the other demons. Do you think it could be that Whatchamacallit Art?Urokodaki	No, I don’t think so.I wouldn’t call that an example of the Blood Demon Art.I’m just guessing here, but it could be that Nezuko’s recovering her strength by sleeping instead of consuming human flesh.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’ll protect you, Nezuko.[Scene: Fifteen days later. A man wearing a hat with windchimes around the brim walks slowly up to Urokodaki’s house. Tanjirou stands outside.]Tanjirou	Huh?[Action: The man in the hat makes his way to Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Uh…Haganezuka	My name is Hanagezuka.I have forged Tanjirou Kamado’s sword, and I am here to deliver it.Tanjirou	Ah…Um, I’m Tanjirou Kamado. Please come inside.[Action: Haganezuka takes the sword off his back without going into the house. Tanjirou looks to be at a loss for words.]Haganezuka	This is the Nichirin Sword. I forged it.Tanjirou	Um…Please come in so I can serve you some te --Haganezuka	The materials for a Nichirin Sword can be obtained from the mountain closest to the sun.Scarlet Crimson Iron Sand and Scarlet Crimson Ore. They produce steel that can absorb sunlight.Tanjirou	Wow, is that right?Haganezuka	Mt. Yoko is bathed in sunlight all day long, you see.Never a cloud in the sky, nor any rain.Urokodaki	There he goes again, never listening to what others say…[Action: Haganezuka turns around suddenly. And gets up in Tanjirou’s face.]Tanjirou	Ah! A clown mask?Haganezuka	Hmm? Hmm~?Hey, you’re a Child of Brightness, aren’t you? Now that’s what I call lucky.Tanjirou	Oh no, I’m the son of Tanjuurou and Kie.Haganezuka	That’s not what I meant.See how your hair and eyes are a reddish color?When a kid like you is born into a family that works with fire, it’s considered lucky and a cause for celebration.Tanjirou	Is that right? I had no idea.Haganezuka	There’s a good chance that this sword will turn red!Right, Urokodaki?Urokodaki	Yeah.[Action: In the house, Tanjirou sits with Urokodaki and Haganezuka. Tanjirou holds his sword.]Haganezuka	Come on, hurry up and draw it.Nichirin Swords are also known as “Color Changing Swords.”They change color depending on the bearer.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou slowly draws the sword. As he grips the handle, the blade of the sword slowly becomes black.]Tanjirou	Oh! Haganezuka	Black! Urokodaki	It’s black, huh?Tanjirou	Huh? Is it bad or something if it turns black? Is it unlucky? Urokodaki	No, not necessarily, but you don’t see this pitch black too often. Haganezuka	Guh…And I was hoping I’d get to see a bright red sword! Dammit!!Uweeeeeh!Tanjirou	Wha?![Action: Haganezuka jumps up and wrestles Tanjirou, pinning Tanjirou into an uncomfortable position.]Tanjirou	Ouch! Stop!Please calm down! How old do you think you are?!Haganezuka	I’m 37![Action: While Haganezuka is wrestling Tanjirou, a Kasugai Crow comes flying into the house.]Tanjirou	Ah…Crow	Tanjirou Kamado! Here are your orders!Tanjirou	Huh? It talks!Crow	Make your way to a town in the northwest! Young girls have been vanishing there!Tanjirou	Ah…[Scene: In a town in the northwest, a young man walks with a girl at night. They are talking to each other, but in an instant, the girl vanishes.]Crow	Night after night, young girls have been vanishing!Hunt down the demon lurking there and kill it!Tanjirou Kamado, prepare yourself well for this task! This is your first assignment as a Demon Hunter!Tanjirou	My first… assignment…Demon Slayer S.1 E.06Title: Swordsman Accompanying a DemonCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Sakonji Urokodaki, Kazumi, Satoko’s father (Sato.Father), Satoko’s mother (Sato.Mother), Tokie, Tokie’s mother (Toki.Mother), Swamp Demon (Swamp Oni), Nezuko Kamado, villagersJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At Urokodaki’s house. Tanjirou gets changed into his Demon Slayer Corps uniform.]Urokodaki	Have you gotten changed?Tanjirou	Yes.Urokodaki	All right.[Scene: At Urokodaki’s house. Tanjirou is preparing to head out.]Urokodaki	Tanjirou. Now that you’re starting out with the Demon Slayer Corps, I’d like to explain a few things to you.Tanjirou	Right.Urokodaki	That Demon Slayer Corps outfit you’re wearing right now is made of a special kind of fiber.The fabric is quite breathable, yet it repels moisture and won’t burn easily.A low-level demon’s talons or fangs couldn’t even manage to tear that uniform.Tanjirou	It’s that strong?Urokodaki	Also, that Nichirin sword of yours… The color varies from owner to owner, and each hue has unique properties.But since not many people end up with black blades, little is known about them. So little, in fact, that --Tanjirou	So little is known that… What, Mr. Urokodaki?Urokodaki	Since so little is known about them, black blades are said to be wielded by swordsmen who’ll never go far.Tanjirou	I don’t know how I’ll do in the Demon Slayer Corps, but I’m going to turn Nezuko back into a human no matter what.Urokodaki	Yes, you’re right.I have faith that you’re going to make that happen.Tanjirou	Right.Urokodaki	One more thing. Take this.[Action: Urokodaki places a wooden box in front of Tanjirou.]Urokodaki	It’s a box for you to carry your sister in during the day built out of an extremely light wood called “Cloud Mist Pine”.I coated it with rock lacquer to reinforce its exterior and to make it even more durable.Tanjirou	Thank you very much![Action: Tanjirou picks up the box.]Tanjirou	It’s so light! It’s really light, Mr. Urokodaki! Hehe![Action: Tanjirou places the box in front of Nezuko, who is hiding under the covers. He opens the door.]Tanjirou	Nezuko. Get inside this, will you?Can you do it?Nezuko	Mmm…[Action: Nezuko tries going into the box but hesitates. She eventually gets into the box.]Tanjirou	Nezuko, from now on, we’re always gonna be together, okay?[Action: Tanjirou closes the box. Outside, he carries the box on his back. Urokodaki sends him off.]Tanjirou	All right, I’ll be going now.[Action: Urokodaki steps forward toward Tanjirou.]Urokodaki	Hold on. Do you mind?[Action: Urokodaki fastens the top button of Tanjirou’s uniform. He adjusts the straps of the box, and finally places his hands on Tanjirou’s shoulders.]Urokodaki	All right.[Action: Urokodaki and Tanjirou nod to each other, and Tanjirou heads off.][Scene: On a dirt path. Tanjirou walks along]Tanjirou	Nezuko, are you all right?Nezuko?Urokodaki	(Flashback) I’m just guessing here, but it could be that Nezuko is recovering her strength by sleeping instead of consuming human flesh.[Action: Tanjirou continues walking along with no response from Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Nezuko… You get lots of rest.[Action: Tanjirou arrives in a town along a river.]Tanjirou	Could this be the town to the northwest?[Action: Tanjirou continues into the town. Nearby, Kazumi walks, seeming to be in a daze.]Woman 1	Oh, look, there’s Kazumi.Poor thing. He looks so haggard.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou and Kazumi walk past each other.]Woman 2	Because he was with Satoko when she was taken.Man	Night after night… It’s so creepy.Woman 1	It’s so dreadful!Woman 2	When night falls, yet another young girl will be abducted.Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou turns back toward Kazumi.]Tanjirou	Mr. Kazumi!If you don’t mind, I’d like to hear your story. Is that all right?Kazumi	Ah…[Scene: Elsewhere in the town, along a walled path.]Kazumi	This is where Satoko vanished.You may not believe me.Tanjirou	I do believe you!I believe you, all right! I believe you![Action: Tanjirou gets down and begins to smell the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s still a faint trace of demon scent, but it’s uneven, so to speak. (Thoughts) There’s something strange about this.Kazumi	(Thoughts) Who is this kid anyway?[Scene: In a flashback. Kazumi is confronted by Satoko’s parents.]Sato.Father	(Flashback) How dare you!Kazumi	(Flashback) Ah…Sato.Father	(Flashback) What do you mean “vanished”?! You bastard!Sato.Mother	(Flashback) Dear! That’s enough! Please stop!Kazumi	Ngh…[Action: Kazumi follows Tanjirou as he sniffs out the demon around the town. They continue into the evening.]Kazumi	I want you to believe me.She really did vanish.Tanjirou	I believe you.After all, that’s why I’m here.[Action: Tanjirou continues searching into the night.]Kazumi	You’re gonna keep going?Tanjirou	Yes.Kazumi	Look how late it’s gotten.I’m flattered that you’re so concerned for me, but shouldn’t you pick up again tomorrow and get some rest?[Action: Tanjirou kneels down suddenly.]Kazumi	Ah…Tanjirou	Those things are active during the night. So I can’t afford to rest.I’ve detected a new scent in this area. It’s gotta be somewhere nearby.Kazumi	Those things…Don’t tell me you’re… You’re seriously…[Scene: In a house elsewhere in the town.]Toki.Mother	How terrifying. I want you to stay indoors for the time being.Tokie	Yes, mother.Now then, good night.[Action: Tokie leaves the room. A dark shadow follows Tokie through the floor. Tokie enters her own room and sets down for bed.]Tokie	I wonder what became of the girls who were taken.I just hope they’re all right.[Action: As Tokie closes her eyes to sleep, two hands appear out of the ground. They cover her mouth and drag her through the ground. Elsewhere in town, Tanjirou realizes something.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou runs off.]Kazumi	What’s gotten into you all of a sudden? (Thoughts) So fast!Tanjirou	The scent just got stronger!The demon’s at large![Action: Tanjirou jumps high into the air. Kazumi tries to catch up with him.]Kazumi	(Thoughts) He jumped?(Thoughts) He spoke of demons.(Thoughts) The Demon Slayer Corps… He really…[Action: Tanjirou lands in an empty alley. He looks around for the demon.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This is it. They’re here right now![Action: Tanjirou draws his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Two different scents. A demon and a female human! (Thoughts) They’re nowhere to be seen.(Thoughts) But… the spot where the scent is strongest… is right here![Action: Tanjirou stabs his sword into the ground.]Swamp Oni	Ngh![Action: Tokie floats up to the surface of the dark shadow on the ground.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou reaches into the dark shadow and pulls Tokie out of it. The Swamp Demon rips a bit of her sleeve off and emerges with half his body coming out of the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) A morphed demon!Urokodaki	(Flashback) The demons who use special spells called the “Blood Demon Art” possess supernatural abilities.(Flashback) You may have to fight those demons, as well, from now on.Tanjirou	Where are those girls you kidnapped?[Action: The Swamp Demon grits his teeth.]Tanjirou	I’ve got two more questions for you![Action: The Swamp Demon continues to grit his teeth and leaves underground again before Tanjirou can continue.]Kazumi	Who was that?Tanjirou	Mr. Kazumi, please hold this person and stand nearby.If you’re inside my range of attack, I can protect you![Action: Kazumi takes Tokie from Tanjirou. Tanjirou walks forward with his sword drawn.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) From the ground or this wall… It can probably emerge from anywhere.(Thoughts) There’s also the chance that it could show up out of thin air. (Thoughts) But this demon… even when it’s submerged, it can’t erase its scent! (Thoughts) Here it comes!(Thoughts) Water Breathing, Fifth Form!Ah![Action: As Tanjirou steps forward to attack, three copies of the Swamp Demon rise out from the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s three of them![Action: Tanjirou jumps back before the Swamp Demon can grab him.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Settle down! You can do it! (Thoughts) Eighth form! Waterfall Basin![Scene: In a flashback. Tanjirou and Urokodaki talk.]Urokodaki	Tanjirou, listen to me closely.The type of demon with the blood that can turn humans into demons… There is only one in this world.Tanjirou	Just one…Urokodaki	The one who was the first to become a demon more than a thousand years ago.In other words, that is your family’s foe.Moreover, I believe he’s the one who might know how to turn your sister back into a human.Tanjirou	Ah…Urokodaki	That demon’s name is… Muzan Kibutsuji![Scene: Back in the town. Tanjirou battles the Swamp Demon.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Eighth form! Waterfall Basin![Action: Tanjirou’s attack cuts the arms from the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Too shallow! I missed all the vulnerable spots! (Thoughts) Because I switched forms midway through![Action: The Swamp Demons arms fall to the ground.]Kazumi	Ah![Action: The Swamp Demon disappears back into the ground. Tanjirou jumps back to defend Kazumi.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) All of them have the exact same scent.(Thoughts) I was told that demons don’t band together as a rule. (Thoughts) So one demon has dispersed into three.(Thoughts) I’m going to protect these two while slashing those three demons! (Thoughts) Don’t lose your nerve!(Thoughts) Make sure you get him to tell you about Muzan Kibutsuji… and how to turn a demon back into a human![Action: The Swamp Demon prepares to grab Kazumi.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Total Concentration…Kazumi	Ah…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Water Breathing… Second Form… Water Wheel![Action: Tanjirou’s attack hits its mark.]Swamp Oni	Urgh…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Too shallow again![Action: Tanjirou slashes at the Swamp Demon twice but misses. The Swamp Demon travels some distance away.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Urgh… I can’t chase him too far.(Thoughts) And I can’t take a full swing while guarding others!Swamp Oni	You bastard!Tanjirou	Ah…Swamp Oni	Back off for crying out loud!That girl’s gonna go stale on me, dammit!Tanjirou	Ah…!Swamp Oni	That girl’s already 16, okay?If I don’t devour her soon, she’s gonna lose flavor by the second!Kazumi	Ah…[Action: One of the Swamp Oni copies rises front the ground behind Tanjirou.]Swamp Oni	Calm down, my other self.Tanjirou	Ngh…!Swamp Oni	Hey, so what?There are gonna be nights like this. I’ve already fed on plenty of 16-year-old girls in this town.They were all quite meaty and delicious. I’m satisfied.We’ll I’m not satisfied, my other self!I wanna consume more!Kazumi	You monster…Return Satoko to me. The one you abducted the night before last![Action: The third copy of the Swamp Demon appears on the wall and grits his teeth. One of the other copies also grits his teeth.]Swamp Oni	Satoko?Who are you talking about?[Action: The Swamp Demon shows the inside of his kimono.]Kazumi	Ah…!Swamp Oni	If her hairpin is among these collectibles, then I’ve devoured her.[Action: The Swamp Demon copies disappear into the ground.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: The Swamp Demon appears and attacks Tanjirou. Tanjirou slices his arm off before he can get attacked.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I missed again![Action: The Swamp Demon flees.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He can escape underground so fast![Action: A shadow appears on the wall.]Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) Oh no! I got too close to the wall![Action: The Swamp Demon attacks again, but Tanjirou is able to dodge. Another of the Swamp Demon copies attacks from behind as Tanjirou regains his footing.]Swamp Oni	Ngh![Action: Nezuko’s foot comes flying out of the box on Tanjirou’s back, sending the Swamp Demon flying.]Swamp Oni	Urgh![Action: Another copy of the Swamp Demon appears from the ground.]Swamp Oni	Why would a mere human be accompanying a demon? (Thoughts) What’s the meaning of this? Who are those two?(Thoughts) Are they a swordsman and demon working together?[Action: Nezuko steps out from her box.]Swamp Oni	(Thoughts) I don’t get it at all.[Action: The Swamp Demon disappears into the ground again. Nezuko turns to Kazumi.]Kazumi	Ah…![Action: Nezuko walks over to Kazumi and Tokie. She places her hands on their faces, imagining them as her younger brother and sister.]Tanjirou	Nezuko…[Action: Nezuko turns back toward the Swamp Demon copies as they rise from the ground.]Urokodaki	(Flashback) This may be cold comfort, but while Nezuko was asleep, I used hypnotic suggestion on her.Tanjirou	(Flashback) Suggestion?Urokodaki	(Flashback) “All humans are your family.” (Flashback) “Protect humans.” (Flashback) “The demons are the enemy!”[Action: Nezuko walks forward and jumps forward in an attack on the Swamp Demon copies.]Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	Nezuko!Urokodaki	(Flashback) “Never forgive any demon who brings harm onto humans!”Demon Slayer S.1 E.07Title: Muzan KibutsujiCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Swamp Demon (Swamp Oni), Kazumi, Muzan Kibutsuji, Kasugai Crow, women, girl, menJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: On a walled path. Nezuko runs toward one of the Swamp Demons.]Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Nezuko slams her foot down toward the Swamp Demon, but he retreats into the ground before he gets hit.]Nezuko	Ah… Ngh… Swamp Oni	Hehehe… Nezuko	Ngh…![Action: Nezuko runs toward the Swamp Demon again.]Tanjirou	Nezuko![Action: Nezuko stops.]Tanjirou	Don’t chase after him! Get back here!Come to me.[Action: Nezuko runs back toward Tanjirou. Between her and Tanjirou, a hole for the Swamp Demon appears.]Tanjirou	Nezuko![Action: The Swamp Demon reaches out to grab Nezuko, but she jumps over him and rejoins Tanjirou.]Swamp Oni	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) Mr. Urokodaki did tell me… that Nezuko is a demon now. (Thoughts) And that she’s not necessarily so weak that I have to protect her. (Thoughts) Is it all right to let her handle this?(Thoughts) If I have her watch over those two, I can focus on my attacks.[Action: Tanjirou steps toward Nezuko, Kazuki, and Tomoe. As he does, the Swamp Demon’s shadow appears at his feet. Tanjirou jumps back, creating a space between him and the other three.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!Nezuko	Ngh…[Action: Another copy of the Swamp appears out of the ground next to Nezuko and attacks.]Swamp Oni	Argh!![Action: Nezuko dodges the attack, and the Swamp Demon slides back.]Swamp Oni	Ngh…Tanjirou	Nezuko![Action: The shadow continues to creep toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Nezuko! I’m going underground!I want you to protect those two! You can do that, right?[Action: Nezuko nods. Tanjirou steps forward, into the Swamp Demon’s domain, leaving Nezuko, Kazuki, and Tomoe with one of the Swamp Demon copies..]Swamp Oni	Hehe…[Scene: In the Swamp Demon’s domain. Tanjirou sinks to the ground slowly from the hole he steps through.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Inside a swamp…(Thoughts) And these are…[Action: Tanjirou falls past a bunch of clothing.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Are these the clothes and belongings of the people who were kidnapped? (Thoughts) Just look at all the innocent people they’ve murdered!(Thoughts) It’s unforgivable! Unforgivable!Swamp Oni	Hehehe… Getting hard to breathe, brat? There’s hardly any air inside this swamp.On top of that, the darkness coiling around your body must feel pretty heavy. Hehehe… You can’t move the way you would aboveground! Serves you right!You should’ve looked before you leaped in, you damn fool![Action: Two copies of the Swamp Demon circle around Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t underestimate me!(Thoughts) Just where do you think I got my training anyway? (Thoughts) The air was thinner on top of Mt. Sagiri!(Thoughts) Not to mention… there are moves that only unleash their full potential underwater![Action: As the Swamp Demon copies swim around, Tanjirou prepares to strike. Before he does, the Swamp Demons rapidly swim away from him.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) So they can move at angles like that inside this swamp?(Thoughts) But it doesn’t matter! All I have to do is slash when they get near enough to attack!(Thoughts) The form that can be utilized even when there’s no sure footing…(Thoughts) Generating a powerful vortex with a violent twist of my upper and lower body![Action: The Swamp Demon copies race toward Tanjirou.]Swamp Oni	Ngh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Here comes the scent! The opening thread! (Thoughts) Total Concentration!(Thoughts) Water Breathing!(Thoughts) Sixth Form! Whirlpool![Action: Tanjirou attacks. The two copies of the Swamp Demon are swept up in a whirlpool, their bodies cut apart.]Swamp Oni	Ngh… Agh…!Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: The two copies of the Swamp Demon are defeated. As they float away, Tanjirou grabs a piece of fabric. He looks at it sadly and stashes it away.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ngh… I can’t breathe. I gotta get out of here![Action: Tanjirou begins swimming to the surface.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Nezuko![Scene: On the surface. Kazumi looks toward the hole to the Swamp Demon’s lair. He turns back to Nezuko, who is fighting the remaining Swamp Demon. Nezuko dodges all the Swamp Demon’s attacks and punches the Swamp Demon in the stomach. The Swamp Demon spits up blood.]Swamp Oni	Gah!(Thoughts) This girl is powerful!Ngh![Action: Nezuko attacks the Swamp Demon a few more times. He dodges but slides back.]Swamp Oni	(Thoughts) She doesn’t seem to have mastered any morphing skills yet, but look how strong she is anyway!(Thoughts) She must have gotten a huge amount of blood from him! Ngh![Action: The Swamp Demon prepares to go underground. Nezuko runs toward him before he can retreat and attacks.]Swamp Oni	(Thoughts) She moves so fast! I can’t dive back into the swamp!(Thoughts) But hey, I’m getting used to these one-note attacks of hers![Action: Nezuko kicks toward the Swamp Demon’s head.]Nezuko	Ngh![Action: The Swamp Demon blocks Nezuko’s kick with his hand.]Swamp Oni	Ngh!(Thoughts) Even if she kicks my head clean off… Even if my internal organs explode, demons can regenerate in a flash!Heh… Argh![Action: The Swamp Demon rushes to attack Nezuko. Nezuko prepares to strike him, but he blocks the attack and slashes Nezuko across the forehead.]Swamp Oni	Hah!Nezuko	Ngh…Kazumi	Ahh…!Nezuko	Ngh…Swamp Oni	(Thoughts) All right! Now I’m gonna drill a hole right through your face![Action: The Swamp Oni prepares to strike Nezuko. Before he can, Tanjirou emerges from the hole in the ground and slices the demon’s arm off.]Swamp Oni	Ah… Ahh!Tanjirou	Hands off my sister!Swamp Oni	Ngh… Ahh![Action: Tanjirou slices the other arm off. The Swamp Demon falls backward.]Swamp Oni	Ngh…(Thoughts) Did I just get taken out?(Thoughts) Both of my other selves got taken out by this guy!Tanjirou	You give off a scent like rotten oil.It’s a horrible smell!How many people have you killed?Swamp Oni	Listen!If women live any longer, they turn ugly and start tasting like crap! So we killed them for their own good!Tanjirou	Grr…Swamp Oni	You should be thankful to us demons --[Action: Tanjirou cuts the Swamp Demon’s tongue.]Swamp Oni	Ngh…Tanjirou	Never mind.[Action: Tanjirou takes a step toward the Swamp Demon. The Swamp Demon backs up against the wall.]Tanjirou	You’re going to tell me what you know about Muzan Kibutsuji.Swamp Oni	Ah…![Action: The Swamp Oni begins to tremble.]Tanjirou	Ah…Swamp Oni	A-Ah… Tanjirou	Talk to me! Swamp Oni	Eek…!Tanjirou	Start talking!Swamp Oni	I-I can’t tell you.I can’t tell you![Scene: In the walled alley. Tanjirou stands with his sword pointed at the Swamp Demon.]Swamp Oni	I can’t tell you!I can’t tell you!Muzan	(Flashback) You mustn’t tell.(Flashback) You mustn’t tell anyone about me.(Flashback) If you do tell anyone, I’ll know right away. (Flashback) I’m always watching you.Swamp Oni	I can’t tell you!I can’t tell you!!I can’t tell you! I can’t tell you!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The smell of fear is strong. He’s trembling all the way down to his bones!Swamp Oni	I can’t tell you, all right?![Action: The Swamp Demon regenerates his arms and attacks Tanjirou.]Swamp Oni	Ahh!![Action: Tanjirou dodges the attack and beheads the Swamp Demon.]Swamp Oni	Ah…[Action: The Swamp Demon disintegrates.]Tanjirou	Ah… Once again, I failed to get any information.[Action: Tanjirou sheathes his sword. He turns to Nezuko, who sits on the ground against the wall.]Tanjirou	Nezuko!She’s asleep.She stopped bleeding, too.So she’s sleeping in order to recover?Sorry. I’m so sorry. Wait just a little longer, okay? I promise to turn you back into a human again![Action: Tanjirou places Nezuko into the box. He walks over to Kazumi, who stares blankly at the ground.]Tanjirou	Mr. Kazumi.Are you all right?Kazumi	I’ve lost my fiance. How can I be all right?Tanjirou	Mr. Kazumi…No matter how many people you may lose, you have no choice but to go on living. No matter how devastating the blows may be.[Action: Kazumi grabs the collar of Tanjirou’s clothing.]Kazumi	What do you know about it?! A kid like you?![Action: Tanjirou places his hands around Kazumi’s wrist and smiles gently.]Kazumi	Ah…![Action: Kazumi lets go of Tanjirou’s clothes. Tanjirou gets back up.]Tanjirou	I’ll be on my way now.Take this.[Action: Tanjirou takes out the scrap of clothing he brought back from the Swamp Demon’s lair and offers it to Kazumi.]Kazumi	Ah…!Tanjirou	I hope you’ll find something of Miss Satoko’s in there.[Action: Kazumi opens the scrap of clothing and finds Satoko’s ribbon. Tanjirou turns and leaves.]Kazumi	Ah…!(Thoughts) So you went through the same thing, too? Is that it? I… I’m sorry!That was an awful thing to say! Please forgive me!I’m so sorry![Action: Tanjirou waves back to Kazumi.]Kazumi	(Thoughts) His hand was heartbreaking to see. Hardened by relentless training and so thick.(Thoughts) It wasn’t a boy’s hand.Tanjirou	I’m leaving that young woman in your hands!Kazumi	All right!All right…[Action: Tanjirou walks to his next destination. A crow flies overhead.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s not just me.(Thoughts) How many people have you killed, tortured, and tormented?(Thoughts) Mizan Kibutsuji, I’ll never forgive you as long as I live![Action: Tanjirou stops and clenches his fist. The crow lands on his shoulder.]Tanjirou	Ah…Kasu.Crow	Next up, Asakusa, Tokyo!Rumors of a demon lurking there!Tanjirou	Erk! I’m heading to my next mission already?Kasu.Crow	Oh yes, you are! Tanjirou	Hold on a minute… Kasu.Crow	No can do!Tanjirou	Come on, just give me a minute! Hold on! What?Kasu.Crow	Just shut up and go already![Scene: At night. Tanjirou arrives in Asakusa with Nezuko.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Are the cities this advanced now? It’s nighttime, but it’s so bright out! (Thoughts) The buildings are so tall!(Thoughts) What is this?(Thoughts) The cities… The cities… I feel dizzy.[Action: Tanjirou runs with Nezuko toward a dark alley.]Tanjirou	Uh, let’s go that way, Nezuko![Action: Tanjirou sees a couple being intimate in the alley.]Tanjirou	Erk! I-I beg your pardon![Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko continue through the city. They arrive at an udon stand.]Tanjirou	Excuse me.Man 1	Huh?Tanjirou	A bowl of udon with grated yam on top, please.Man 1	Uh, sure thing!Tanjirou	I’ve never been to a place like this.It’s way too crowded.Man 1	Here’s your udon with grated yam on top!Tanjirou	Thank you very much.[Action: Tanjirou begins to eat his udon but smells something. He stands and drops the bowl of udon. He looks around frantically, takes his sword, and runs back toward the city.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This scent! Why would I catch it here all of a sudden? (Thoughts) It’s the same scent that was left in my house! (Thoughts) Muzan Kibutsuji!(Thoughts) Is this the guy giving off that scent?[Action: Tanjirou rushes forward past people on the street. He puts his hand on Muzan’s shoulder. Muzan turns around.]Muzan	Hmm?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s him![Action: Tanjirou prepares to draw his sword.]Girl	Dad![Action: Tanjirou stops. Muzan turns more, revealing a little girl in his arms.]Tanjirou	Ah…Girl	Who’s that?Tanjirou	Ah…!Muzan	It’s all right. Don’t worry.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s… He’s… He’s…(Thoughts) He’s living here, pretending to be a human!Muzan	Is there something I can do for you?You seem to be quite flustered.Woman 1	Oh, my. What’s going on?Girl	Mother![Action: Tanjirou covers his mouth and grips his clothes.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) They’re humans!(Thoughts) The girl and the woman… Their scent is human!(Thoughts) Don’t you know? Can’t you tell? That this guy is a demon? That he devours humans?Woman 1	Do you know him?Muzan	No.Much to my consternation, I’ve never seen this child before. He must have mistaken me for someone else.[Action: Muzan scratches a man passing by.]Woman 1	Oh, you think so?Tanjirou	Ah![Action: The man scratched by Muzan clutches at his neck.]Man 2	Ah…Woman 2	Dear, what’s the matter?Man 2	Ngh…Woman 2	Dear?[Action: The man, having turned into a demon, turns to the woman.]Man 2	Urah!!Woman 2	Ah!Tanjirou	Stop![Action: The man bites the woman’s neck.]Woman 2	Ahh!!Demon Slayer S.1 E.08Title: The Smell of Enchanting BloodCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Tamayo, Yushirou, Nezuko Kamado, Muzan Kibutsuji, Rei, daughter, Susamaru, Yahaba, man, woman, chef, boys, girl, policemenJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In Asakusa. Muzan has scratched a random man and given him some of his demon blood.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Man	Ugh…Woman	Dear, what’s the matter?Dear?Man	Urahhh!Woman	Ahh!Tanjirou	Stop![Action: The man bites the woman.]Woman	Ahhh!![Scene: In Asakusa. A group of people surround the man biting the woman.]Woman	Ahhh!!Passersby	What’s this?What’s going on? I-Is that blood?Man	Grr… Urahhh!!Woman	Ahh!!Tanjirou	Stop it![Action: Tanjirou charges forward and tackles the man away from the woman. He shoves his cloth- wrapped fist into the man’s mouth.]Woman	Dear!Tanjirou	Ma’am! You need to worry about yourself!Please take a cloth and press down hard on the wound!Man	Urahhh!Tanjirou	Kuh… Ngh![Action: As the man struggles, Tanjirou holds him in place.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s all right. Somehow, it’s going to turn out fine. (Thoughts) The wife’s wound isn’t fatal![Action: Two men are attempting to help the woman, but she looks to be in rough shape.]Tanjirou	Do it harder!Do it harder! Tie it up with a rope!(Thoughts) It’s going to be all right. This man hasn’t killed anyone!Man	Urahhh!!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Just a second ago, this man was just walking down the street![Action: The daughter that Muzan holds in his arms begins to cry.]Muzan	Are you all right? You mustn’t look.It’s dangerous here, Rei. Let’s move over there.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Where’d he go?![Action: Tanjirou turns to see Muzan, Rei, and the daughter walking away.]Tanjirou	Ah…! Kuh…!Man	Urahh… Urahhh…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Dammit…! Dammit!(Thoughts) I can’t leave this man here!Muzan Kibutsuji! I’m not letting you get away! No matter where you go!Rei	What’s the matter with that child?What do you think, Tsukihiko?Tanjirou	No matter where you go, you’re not getting away!I’ll follow you to the ends of Hell, and I swear I’ll slice off your head with my blade! I’ll never forgive you, no matter what![Action: Several policemen arrive at the scene.]Policemen	What the hell are you doing?!Is it a drunk?Kid, step away from that man!Tanjirou	I can’t! Bring some restraints please! Please!Policeman	Shut up and step away![Action: One of the policemen tries to pull Tanjirou off the man, but Tanjirou does not budge.]Tanjirou	Please don’t do that! No one can hold down this person but me!Policeman	Move!Tanjirou	Please don’t do that!Policemen	Ah… Just look at this guy’s face!Has he lost his mind? Pull the kid off him!Tanjirou	Please stop! I don’t want this person to kill anyone!Tamayo	Ah…Tanjirou	Just stay out of my way, will you? I’m begging you!Policeman	Dammit! Look, you… If you’re going to keep resisting…[Action: The policeman raises his baton to hit Tanjirou. Before he can, Tanjirou smells the scent of flowers.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Tamayo scratches deep wounds along her arm.]Tamayo	Enchanting Blood. Aroma of Visual Fantasy.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s this scent?[Action: The policeman about to hit Tanjirou can’t hit him because of an array of flower patterns in the air.]Policemen	Woah! What are all these patterns?Ah![Action: The patterns surround Tanjirou and knock the policemen away.]Policemen	Ah!What’s going on? I can’t see anything!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Is this some kind of attack? If it is, that means trouble! (Thoughts) Is the scent growing stronger?[Action: Tamayo and Yushirou approach Tanjirou.]Tamayo	You still use… the term “person”… to refer to even a transformed demon.And you’re trying to save him. Allow me, then, to lend you a hand.Tanjirou	But why? You… Your scent tells me…Tamayo	That’s right. I am… a demon, but I am also a doctor, and I wish to annihilate that man, Kibutsuji.[Scene: Elsewhere in Asakusa. Muzan has left the scene with Rei and the daughter.]Daughter	Aren’t you coming, Daddy?Muzan	Daddy has work. I have a business meeting to attend.I’m also concerned about that disturbance just now.Rei	Dear…Muzan	Don’t worry. I’m only going to speak with the police.Now, get in.[Action: Rei and the daughter get into a car.]Daughter	Daddy, come home soon, okay?Muzan	All right. You be a good girl now.Take them back to the house. Go on.[Action: The car drives off. Muzan walks into an alleyway. Three siblings are walking through the alleyway as well.]Boy 1	Big bro, let’s hit up one more bar!Girl	Yacchan, are you okay?Boy 1	I’m fine, I’m fine! I’m not even drunk yet --[Action: The boy bumps into Muzan.]Boy 1	What the hell, you bastard?Muzan	Forgive me.[Action: Muzan continues walking away, but the drunk boy grabs his shoulder.]Boy 1	Hey, come back here!Muzan	I’m very sorry, but I happen to be in a hurry, so…Boy 1	Huh? What did you say?Hey, look at you, decked out in those posh-looking threads! You piss me off!You and your pale face… You look like you’re about to fall over dead!Hey, say something, will you? Or did you just croak?[Action: Muzan raises his fist.]Boy 1	Huh?[Action: Muzan punches the drunk boy into the wall, hard enough to crack it.]Boy 1	Ugh…[Action: The drunk boy slumps to the ground, leaving streaks of blood on the wall.]Girl	Yacchan!Boy 2	What did you do to my kid brother?!Girl	You! He’s dead! Yacchan’s not breathing!Boy 2	Ngh… You bastard![Action: The second drunk boy raises his fist to punch Muzan, but Muzan kicks him up into the air above the rooftops.]Boy 2	Gah…Girl	Ah…![Action: The second brother falls to the ground, also dead. Muzan approaches the girl.]Girl	Eek!Muzan	Does my complexion look unhealthy to you?Is my face pale?Do I look sickly to you?Do I look like I’m not long for this world? Do I look like I’m about to die?Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong.I’m a living being who’s definitely close to perfection.[Action: Muzan’s fingernail becomes sharp. He points it at the girl’s forehead and stabs it in. The area around the wound becomes dark.]Muzan	What do you think will happen if I keep flooding you with my blood?Girl	Urgh… Ugh…![Action: The girl’s body begins to convulse.]Muzan	The human body is unable to withstand the speed of transformation.[Action: Muzan withdraws his finger from the girl’s forehead. Her body has turned purple.]Muzan	… and its cells are destroyed.Girl	Ahh![Action: The girl’s body melts into a puddle of flesh. Muzan snaps his finger, and two demons, Susamaru and Yahaba, appear.]Muzan	Bring me the head of the Demon Slayer who wears hanafuda-like earrings.Understood?Yahaba	As you wish.Susamaru	Your wish is our command.[Action: Susamaru and Yabaha disappear.]Muzan	Those earrings…[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou is back at the udon cart. The chef is yelling at him.]Chef	Now, listen to me!Here’s the deal… My point is this, okay? It’s not about the money! What I can’t forgive is your lack of intent to eat my udon, all right?!Tanjirou	I’m so sorry! Please serve me another bowl!Chef	So you’re gonna eat it?!Tanjirou	Yes!Chef	You’re definitely gonna eat it?Tanjirou	Yes, I shall!Chef	Okay!You, too! If you’re gonna have udon, take off that bamboo thingy first! What is that thing anyway?!Take these chopsticks! Chopsticks![Action: Tanjirou grabs the chopsticks in the chef’s hand.]Chef	Ngh!Tanjirou	I’d like a bowl of udon! I’d like two bowls of udon!Chef	R-Right…[Action: The chef prepares two bowls of udon, and Tanjirou eats them both rapidly.]Tanjirou	Thank you very much for the meal! That was delicious!Chef	As long as you get it! It’s all good!Thanks for your business![Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko leave the cart.]Tanjirou	Sorry about that, Nezuko. Leaving you behind like that…Nezuko	Ngh…[Action: Nezuko stops in her tracks and glares at something ahead.]Tanjirou	Woah… What’s wrong, Nezuko?Ah…[Action: Tanjirou turns to see Yushirou standing near a tree.]Tanjirou	So you’ve been waiting for us?Yushirou	Because I was told to bring you to see her.Tanjirou	I could’ve tracked you by scent.Yushirou	She’s in a place that’s under a cloaking spell.No way you could find it.Tanjirou	Cloaking?Yushirou	Anyway…[Action: Yushirou points at Nezuko.]Yushirou	… isn’t that woman a demon?And an eyesore to boot.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Eyesore? Eyesore? Does he mean “ugly”? Who? (Thoughts) Nezuko?!Who in their right mind would call her an eyesore?! Just take a good look at her features!She was the beauty of our hometown! Our Nezuko!Yushirou	Let’s go.[Action: Yushirou begins leading Tanjirou and Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Sure, we’ll go, but still!No way is she an eyesore! Not on your life! Take a look at her where there’s a bit more light! Come on, let’s go over there![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Yushirou arrive at Tamayo’s hiding place.]Tanjirou	Oh, I know what it is! It’s this muzzle, right?!It might be because of this muzzle!I’d like you to behold Nezuko without the muzzle![Action: Yushirou walks into the wall and disappears.]Tanjirou	Huh?![Action: Yushirou pokes his head out of the wall.]Yushirou	Hurry it up. While no one’s around.[Action: Tanjirou pushes his hand into the wall and goes through.]Tanjirou	Oh![Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko land on the other side of the wall, revealing a large house. A paper with red patterns is on the wall.]Tanjirou	Ah…!There’s a house behind the dead end!Yushirou	Get over here!Listen. Make sure you don’t offend that person in any way. Personally, I couldn’t care less what happens to you.But I brought you here because she insisted!Tanjirou	R-Right…[Action: Yushirou leads Tanjirou and Nezuko into the house. He knocks on a door.]Tamayo	Come in.[Action: Yushirou, Tanjirou, and Nezuko enter the room. Tamayo sits on a chair next to the woman who was attacked earlier. She lies in a bed.]Yushirou	I have returned.Tamayo	Welcome back.Tanjirou	I’m sorry that I left you to take care of things just now.How is the lady?Tamayo	She'll be just fine.Unfortunately, I have to keep her husband restrained in the basement.Tanjirou	Isn’t treating human wounds unbearable for you?[Action: Yushirou punches Tanjirou in the chest.]Tanjirou	Urk!Yushirou	You think demons treat humans while choking back their own drool at the smell of blood?Tanjirou	Sorry.Tamayo	Stop it. Why would you resort to violence?Yushirou	Ah…Tamayo	I never introduced myself, did I? My name is Tamayo.That boy is Yushirou. I hope that you’ll be his friend.Tanjirou	Ah…Yushirou	Kuh…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I don’t think that’s gonna happen!Tamayo	It’s not that unbearable, you know.Tanjirou	Ah…Tamayo	I believe it’s much easier for me than for normal demons.Because I’ve tweaked my body considerably. I’ve also removed Kibutsuji’s curse.Tanjirou	Curse? T-Tweaked your body?[Action: Tamayo takes off her doctor’s coat and walks to a door.]Tamayo	Come this way.[Action: The group moves to a tatami room. Nezuko lies down immediately.]Tanjirou	Hey, Nezuko, that’s bad manners!Tamayo	That’s quite all right. Please make yourselves at home.Tanjirou	Sorry.Tamayo	Now then, allow me to continue. I adjusted our bodies so that we can live without devouring humans.A small amount of human blood is all we need.Tanjirou	Blood? You mean…Tamayo	You may find it distasteful, but what I do is buy blood under the guise of transfusions from those unable to make ends meet.Of course, no more than would impair them.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I see. So that’s why I’m not picking up that strange scent unique to demons from these two.(Thoughts) But they do need human blood after all. (Thoughts) If blood is all they need, then Nezuko…Tamayo	Yushirou can get by with even less blood.I’m the one who turned him into a demon.Tanjirou	Huh? You did that? But… Huh?Tamayo	You’re right. It’s generally held that no one but Kibutsuji can reproduce demons.That’s more or less accurate.After more than 200 years, I was only able to transform Yushirou into a demon after all.Tanjirou	Two… Two hundred years…You were only able to transform Yushirou after more than two hundred years?! Exactly how old are you, Miss Tamayo?![Action: Yushirou punches Tanjirou again.]Tanjirou	Gah!Yushirou	Don’t ask a lady her age, you ill-mannered scoundrel!Tanjirou	Ahhh!!Tamayo	Yushirou! The next time you hit that boy, I’ll make you regret it!Yushirou	Yes, ma’am!(Thoughts) She’s beautiful even when she’s angry!Tamayo	There’s one thing I’d like to clear up with you.I’m not trying to create more demons.I only perform the procedure on the terminally ill or those so gravely injured that they don’t have long left to live.And in those cases, I always ask them beforehand if they wish to live on even as demons.[Action: Tanjirou takes a sniff of the air.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The scent she’s giving off is pure and devoid of deception. (Thoughts) She’s someone I can trust.Miss Tamayo, is there a way to return a transformed demon back to human form?[Scene: Elsewhere, on a darkened street. Susamaru and Yahaba are searching for Tanjirou. Yahaba gets on his knees and searches the ground.]Susamaru	See anything?Yahaba	I can see. I can see footprints.This is it. This is it.[Action: Yahaba points his hand forward, and footprints become visible.]Yahaba	Make a huge turn over there.There are three of them.And one’s carrying some kind of big box.Susamaru	How should we kill them, I wonder.Fufufu… I can feel the flow of power. Because of all the blood he shared with me.Yahaba	Of course we’re going to slay them vindictively.[Scene: At Tamayo’s house. Tamayo, Yushirou, Tanjirou, and Nezuko converse in the tatami room.]Tamayo	There is a way to turn a demon… back into a human.Tanjirou	Ah… Please tell me how!Yushirou	Don’t you dare get so close to Lady Tamayo![Action: Yushirou flips Tanjirou over onto the floor.]Tanjirou	Gahh!Tamayo	Yushirou…Yushirou	Ah!Yes, ma’am! I only threw him, Lady Tamayo. I did not hit him.Tamayo	You mustn’t do either.Yushirou	Yes, ma’am!Tanjirou	Ouch, ouch, ouch…Please tell me how.Tamayo	For any kind of wound, there’s always some kind of medicine or treatment.At this time, I’m unable to turn a demon back into a human, but surely, that, too…Tanjirou	Ah…Tamayo	However, we are dedicated to establishing such a method of treatment.Toward that end, I’d like to ask you to do something for me.To produce such an elixir, it is necessary to study the blood of numerous demons. I have two favors to ask you.One, permission to study your sister’s blood.Two, to retrieve blood samples from demons as closely related to Kibutsuji as possible. Nezuko’s current condition is extremely rare and unique.I understand that she was asleep for two straight years, and I believe that her body underwent changes during that time.Normally, any demon who went that long without consuming flesh or blood of a human or beast would unquestionably go berserk.Yushirou	(Thoughts) Lady Tamayo is beautiful today, too!(Thoughts) I’m sure she’ll be beautiful again tomorrow!Tamayo	And yet, surprisingly, Nezuko shows none of those signs.This miracle will be the key to finding a solution.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Nezuko…[Action: Tanjirou places his hand on Nezuko’s forehead.]Nezuko	Mm…[Action: Nezuko takes Tanjirou’s hand and nuzzles into it.]Tamayo	The other request I have for you is a harsh one.By “demons closely related to Kibutsuji”, I mean demons whose powers are more on par with that of Kibutsuji himself.It won’t be easy to extract blood from such demons. Are you still willing to go along with my requests?Tanjirou	If there’s no other way, then I’ll do it.If it means you’re going to research all these demons’ blood and create this medicine…If that happens, that means it won’t just be Nezuko. Lots of other people will be saved, too, right?Tamayo	Ah…That’s right.[Action: Tamayo smiles gently at Tanjirou. He blushes.]Tanjirou	Ah…Yushirou	Kuh…!Tanjirou	Erk![Action: Susamaru’s ball rips through the patterned paper on the wall.]Yushirou	Ah… Get down![Action: Susamaru’s ball bounces furiously around the room. Yushirou protects Tamayo while Tanjirou protects Nezuko. The balls go back toward Susamaru, who is waiting in the garden with Yahaba.]Susamaru	Hahaha!Yahaba	Fufufu… Did you decide how to kill them?Susamaru	Vindictively, of course![Action: Susamaru throws her balls back into Tamayo’s house.]Susamaru	Hehehe!Yahaba	Hah…Yushirou	Kuh…!Tanjirou	Kuh!Demon Slayer S.1 E.09Title: Temari Demon and Arrow DemonCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Tamayo, Yushirou, Nezuko Kamado, Susamaru, YahabaJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: Near Tamayo’s mansion. Susamaru and Yahaba arrive.]Susamaru	How should we kill them, I wonder.Fufufu! I’m overflowing with power. Thanks to all the blood he shared with me.Yahaba	We’re going to slay them brutally, of course.[Action: A temari ball comes flying through the wall of the house.]Yushirou	Ah…! Get down![Action: Yushirou protects Tamayo and Tanjirou protects Nezuko as the temari ball bounces wildly around the room. The balls return to Susamaru.]Susamaru	Hahaha!Yahaba	Fufufufu… Did you decide how to kill them?Susamaru	Brutally, of course![Action: Susamaru throws the temari balls back into the house.]Susamaru	Hehehe!Yahaba	Ha!Yushirou	Ngh…!Tanjirou	Ngh… Kuh![Scene: At Tamayo’s mansion. The temari balls once again return to Susamaru.]Susamaru	Hahaha! You were spot on, Yahaba!A building just appeared out of thin air!Yahaba	Yes. The handiwork of a demon that’s adept at hiding objects.And is the demon hunter accompanied by a demon? What’s going on here?Susamaru	Hahahaha! Isn’t this fun?Yahaba	Still, I have to point this out, Susamaru… Your way of doing things is too immature. It’s too careless.You covered me! My kimono is all covered in dirt now! Tsk…Susamaru	Oh, stop whining! We managed to find them right away thanks to my temari, so who cares?And now we can have lots of fun![Action: Susamaru throws her temari balls back into the house. They return to her again.]Yahaba	Tsk… You’ve gone and covered me in dirt again!Susamaru	You’re so uptight. Your kimono isn’t the least bit soiled.And besides… Hahaha! There they are!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) A temari? She caused this much damage just by throwing around a toy?Yushirou	(Thoughts) That woman… Is she one of Kibutsuji’s minions?Susamaru	Hahahaha! Hah![Action: Susamaru throws her temari balls at the house again. They fly around wildly.]Tanjirou	Ngh…![Action: A temari ball goes flying at Yushirou.]Yushirou	Lady Tamayo! Ah…![Action: The ball changes direction suddenly.]Yushirou	Ngh…![Action: The temari ball smashes through Yushirou’s head.]Tanjirou	Yushirou!! Dammit!Nezuko! Take the lady sleeping in the back somewhere safe outside!Nezuko	Mm…Tamayo	It’s too dangerous outside! We have a basement, so take her there!Tanjirou	Understood!Nezuko!Nezuko	Mm![Action: Nezuko runs off to find the woman sleeping in the other room. Tanjirou draws his sword.]Susamaru	Hahaha! That’s one out for the count!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) She’s giving off a totally different scent from any of the other demons!(Thoughts) Is it stronger? It has a really thick scent! It feels so heavy once it enters my lungs![Action: The temari balls return to Susamaru.]Susamaru	Hm? The demon hunter wearing hanafuda earrings… That’d be you, huh?Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) I’m the one they’re targeting?Miss Tamayo! Please find a safe place to hide! I’m the one they’re after!Tamayo	Tanjirou, please don’t worry about us. We’ll be fine without your protection.We’re demons, after all.Susamaru	All right… It’s all over for you now![Action: Susamaru throws a temari ball at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That temari will only veer if I try to dodge it.[Action: Tanjirou closes his eyes and concentrates on the ball.]Tanjirou	Kuh…!(Thoughts) Of the ten forms, the fastest thrusting technique is… (Thoughts) Total Concentration! Water Breathing!(Thoughts) Seventh Form! Droplet Ripple Thrust Curve![Action: Tanjirou stabs through the temari ball with his sword.]Susamaru	(Thoughts) Oh, so your plan is to thrust at the curve diagonally to soften the temari’s blow?(Thoughts) However…[Action: The temari ball begins to move on Tanjirou’s sword.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: The temari ball removes itself from Tanjirou’s sword.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!(Thoughts) Ngh… How can that temari move around like that? (Thoughts) It swerved unnaturally when it struck Yashirou, too!(Thoughts) It’s not like it has any natural spin to it, and yet… What’s going on?Tamayo	Yushirou! Yushirou![Action: Yushirou’s head begins to reform.]Yushirou	La…Tanjirou	Erk!Yushirou	Lady Tamayo! Didn’t I tell you?We shouldn’t get involved with that demon hunter! I told you from the start!My masking technique is still a work in progress! I know you’re well aware of that yourself!I may be able to conceal the presence of buildings and people, and even their scents, but it’s not like I can hide their very existence!Tamayo	Ah…Yushirou	The greater our numbers, the more traces we’ll leave, which increases the odds of Kibutsuji discovering us!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Those demons got so close, yet there was no scent until they attacked.(Thoughts) So that was the work of Yushirou’s Blood Arts, huh?Yushirou	Anyone who ruins the time I spend alone with you… I despise such people!I despise them with all my heart! It’s unforgivable!Susamaru	Hahaha! Hey, he’s just blabbering away![Action: Susamaru flings her overcoat away and opens her top.]Susamaru	This is fun! I’m having so much fun!You should feel honored to be killed by me, one of the Twelve Blood Moons!Tanjirou	Twelve Blood Moons?Tamayo	They serve directly under Kibutsuji!Susamaru	Hahahaha![Action: Four more arms appear from Susamaru’s sides.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) She grew more arms!Susamaru	Now then, let’s keep playing!Until the break of dawn! Until it’s your time to go![Action: Susamaru throws six temari balls at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ngh…![Action: Tanjirou dodges the attacks. The temari balls go flying wildly around the room. One hits Yushirou’s cheek.]Yushirou	Kuh…!Tamayo	(Thoughts) If I were to cast my Blood Arts now, it would affect Tanjirou as well. (Thoughts) And Yushirou needs time to prepare before he can attack.(Thoughts) But if this goes on…[Action: Tanjirou deflects some of the temari balls with his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There it is again! They changed trajectory again, even without hitting anything![Action: Tanjirou cuts a few of the temari balls in half, but they still attack him.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!(Thoughts) Even if I cut them and they lose force, they still end up hitting me anyway! Ugh… Ngh…!(Thoughts) I can smell two different scents of blood. That means there are two demons! I can locate them with their scent! But…[Action: Three temari balls fly toward and injure Tamayo and Yushirou.]Tanjirou	Miss Tamayo! Yushirou![Action: A temari ball flies toward Tanjirou. He blocks it with his sword.]Tanjirou	Kuh…(Thoughts) I can’t… I don’t have time to protect them!Tamayo	We’ll heal soon enough! Don’t worry about us!Yushirou	Hey! You dumbass demon hunter! The arrows show which direction they’re going!Just dodge the arrows!Tanjirou	Arrows?Yushirou	Seriously, you can’t even see them?[Action: Yushirou takes a piece of paper out from his clothes.]Yushirou	I’m going to lend you my sense of sight!That should at least enable you to behead that temari woman! Ngh![Action: Yushirou throws the piece of paper at Tanjirou. It lands on his forehead. Tanjirou can see the arrows.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can see them now! She was using those arrows to control… the trajectory of the temari![Action: Five temari balls come flying at Tanjirou. He manages to dodge all of them.]Tanjirou	Thanks, Yushirou! I can see the arrows now, too!Yushirou	Hurry up and defeat her then![Action: Nezuko appears from the back room.]Tanjirou	Nezuko!Let’s go outside! Take care of the demon up in the trees!Nezuko	Mm.[Action: Nezuko heads outside with the temari balls following. Tanjirou follows behind. Nezuko heads for the trees.]Tanjirou	I’m your target!Susamaru	The demon hunter wearing hanafuda earrings…No question about it. I’m going to bring your head to our lord!Tanjirou	Kuh…!Susamaru	Hahahaha! This is fun![Action: Susamaru throws more temari balls at Tanjirou. He runs as they follow him.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Nezuko, how much longer will it take?[Action: Nezuko finds Yahaba in the trees.]Yahaba	Hm?[Action: Nezuko launches her attack on Yahaba.]Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh!Yahaba	Ah![Action: The arrows following the temari disappear.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) They’re gone![Action: Tanjirou slices through the temari balls.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Water Breathing!Haah!(Thoughts) Third Form! Flowing Dance![Action: Tanjirou slices all of Susamaru’s arms off.]Tanjirou	Miss Tamayo! Do these two demons have high concentrations of Kibutsuji’s blood?Tamayo	Most likely.Tanjirou	In that case… I’m going to be extracting their blood![Scene: In the past, at Tamayo’s mansion. Tamayo, Yushirou, Tanjirou, and Nezuko are gathered.]Tamayo	(Flashback) I have two favors to ask of you.(Flashback) One, permission to study your sister’s blood.(Flashback) Two, to retrieve as many blood samples from demons with a high concentration of Kibutsuji’s blood as you can.(Flashback) A demon with a high concentration of Kibutsuji’s blood means a demon close in strength to Kibutsuji himself.(Flashback) It won’t be easy to extract blood from such demons.[Scene: In the present. Tanjirou fights Susamaru.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Third Form! Flowing Dance![Action: Tanjirou cuts off Susamaru’s arms.]Tanjirou	Miss Tamayo! Do these two demons have high concentrations of Kibutsuji’s blood?Tamayo	Most likely.Susamaru	Hahahaha! You think you can extract our blood?I don’t know what you’re scheming, but I won’t allow you to do anything that displeases our lord!Tanjirou	Ah…!Susamaru	If you think you can extract blood from us Blood Moons, then go ahead and try!Yushirou	Watch your back! Don’t let your guard down for a single second!If those two really are from the Twelve Blood Moons, then they’re undeniably more formidable than any other demon you’ve slain up to this point!Tanjirou	Right! Understood!Watch my back, don’t let my guard down for a single second, undeniably… until now…Right! I’ll do my best!Yushirou	Lady Tamayo!Let’s use those two as decoys and escape!Tamayo	Ah![Action: Tamayo makes a horrified face at Yushirou.]Yushirou	I’m just kidding![Scene: In the trees. Nezuko makes her assault on Yahaba.]Yahaba	Hm?Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Yahaba blocks Nezuko’s attack with his arms.]Yahaba	Gah! Tsk…Don’t stir up dirt like that.So filthy![Action: The eyes on Yahaba’s hands close, and Nezuko is flung to the side.]Nezuko	Ngh…![Scene: On the ground. Tanjirou faces Susamaru.]Susamaru	Hahahaha![Action: Susamaru’s arms grow back.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) She grew new arms in such a short time!(Thoughts) She can regenerate way faster than the demons I fought during the Final Selection!Susamaru	I’m going to bring him that head of yours.[Action: Nezuko comes flying at Tanjirou from the trees.]Tanjirou	Ah…! Nezuko!Yahaba	Hmph.Susamaru	Now then, why don’t you two die together?[Action: Susamaru throws the temari ball at Tanjirou and Nezuko, but Tanjirou pushes them both out of the way.]Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Kuh… Are you okay, Nezuko?Yushirou	Hey, demon hunter!Tanjirou	Ah…Yushirou	You get rid of that arrow man first! The three of us will take care of that temari woman!Tanjirou	Understood!Nezuko, whatever you do, don’t push yourself too hard.Nezuko	Mm…[Action: Nezuko sees Yashirou and Tamayo emerging from the house. In them she sees her mother and her younger brother Rokuta.]Nezuko	Ah… Ngh…!Tanjirou	I’m counting on you.[Action: Tanjirou rushes toward Yahaba while Nezuko rushes toward Susamaru.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I swear… I’m going to extract their blood!(Thoughts) If it means the medicine will be perfected even a minute sooner, I’ll gladly face any demon!(Thoughts) I’ll fight and win![Action: Tanjirou sees the string attached to Yahaba’s neck.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There it is! The opening thread!Yahaba	Tsk… What a grimy little imp you are.Stay away from me![Action: The eye on one of Yahaba’s hands closes. The opening thread snaps.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The thread snapped![Action: An arrow appears under Tanjirou’s foot. He steps on it, sending him back.]Tanjirou	Ahh![Action: A second arrow sends Tanjirou flying against a tree.]Tanjirou	Ugh… Ngh…![Action: More arrows send Tanjirou flying wildly.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This hurts! I mean this really… It seriously hurts![Action: More arrows send Tanjirou flying high into the sky.]Tanjirou	Ahh!![Action: The arrows drop Tanjirou from up high.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!(Thoughts) A form! I need to lighten the impact with one of my forms! (Thoughts) Eighth Form! Waterfall Basin![Action: Tanjirou manages to stop his fall.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Susamaru	Hahaha![Action: Susamaru throws temari balls at Nezuko.]Nezuko	Mm… Ngh…[Action: Nezuko dodges the attacks. Yushirou runs toward Susamaru and vanishes.]Susamaru	He vanished?!Yushirou	Haah![Action: Yushirou begins fighting Susamaru.]Susamaru	Ngh… Ahh![Action: Yushirou reappears.]Yushirou	You hurt Lady Tamayo! I’ll never forgive you for that!Yahaba	Tamayo?Hey, Susamaru, the one over there… Wouldn’t that be Tamayo the fugitive? She’ll make a great souvenir!Susamaru	Is that so?[Action: Susamaru throws temari balls at Nezuko and Yashirou.]Nezuko	Ngh…![Action: Nezuko brings her leg back.]Yushirou	Idiot!Tamayo	You mustn’t kick it![Action: The temari ball flies through Nezuko’s leg. She falls.]Susamaru	Hahahaha![Action: Susamaru kicks Nezuko into Tamayo’s mansion.]Nezuko	Ngh…!Susamaru	This is fun! I’m having so much fun!Kickball sure is fun.Yahaba! You think four heads will be enough to take home?Yahaba	No. We’re taking just two. The demon hunter and the fugitive.We have no use for the other two.Tanjirou	Kuh…![Action: Tamayo tends to Nezuko’s leg.]Tamayo	Nezuko…(Thoughts) The bleeding isn’t stopping instantly. She recovers so slowly. This medicine will help heal your leg right away, all right?[Action: Tamayo injects Nezuko with medicine. Nezuko sees Tamayo as her mother again.]Nezuko	Ah…[Scene: Outside in the garden. Tanjirou faces off against Yahaba.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What should I do? I can’t afford to lose!(Thoughts) But even if I can see the opening thread, tracing it will be difficult!(Thoughts) Any move would be pointless… unless I can land my blow with pinpoint accuracy!(Thoughts) If I’m off by even a little, it won’t be strong enough to take him down! (Thoughts) He’ll just change the blade’s direction using his arrow skills!(Thoughts) And I hate to say it, but those eyeballs are really creepy! Though I hate to say it![Action: An eye on Yahaba’s hand closes.]Yahaba	Hmph! Hahahaha![Action: Arrows fly toward Tanjirou. He dodges out of the way.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) These arrows are so fast!(Thoughts) And they won’t disappear until they hit me! I can’t cut them with my sword, either![Action: Tanjirou brings his sword down on one of the arrows.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The instant the blade touches them, I’ll get blasted in the arrow’s direction![Action: The arrow flies Tanjirou into a wall.]Tanjirou	Ugh… Gah…![Action: Tanjirou loses his grip on his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What should I do?[Action: An arrow sends Tanjirou flying upward.]Yahaba	Hah!Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: An arrow wraps around Tanjirou’s arm.]Tanjirou	Gah!Yahaba	Everything is going in the direction I want it to!Your arm’s gonna get twisted right off!Tanjirou	Ngh…![Action: Tanjirou runs up a tree.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou flips off the tree, removing the arrow from his arm.]Yahaba	(Thoughts) You eluded it by spinning in the same direction as the Pure Crimson Arrow? (Thoughts) Damn monkey!Tanjirou	Ngh…!(Thoughts) I can’t take much more of his attacks! I’ve gotta strike back! (Thoughts) I’ve gotta change the arrow’s direction without touching it directly!Yahaba	Tsk… It’s about time to die![Action: Yahaba sends more attacks toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Adapt your movement!(Thoughts) First, use the Sixth Form to envelop the arrow!(Thoughts) Then use the footwork of the Third Form… to close in on him![Action: Tanjirou runs toward Yahaba.]Tanjirou	Haaa!!(Thoughts) Twist! Envelop! (Thoughts) Flowing Maelstrom Spin!Yahaba	Kuh… Ngh…![Action: Yahaba sends more arrows toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!(Thoughts) My sword feels so heavy! But even so…! (Thoughts) Modified Second Form! Horizontal Water Wheel![Action: Tanjirou’s attack hits its mark, beheading Yahaba.]Yahaba	Gah…!Demon Slayer S.1 E.10Title: Together ForeverCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Tamayo, Yushirou, Susamaru, Yahaba, Zenitsu AgatsumaJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At Tamayo’s mansion. Tanjirou faces off against Yahaba.]Yahaba	It’s about time for you to die![Action: Yahaba sends several attacks toward Tanjirou. He dodges them and charges toward Yahaba.]Tanjirou	Urahhh!!(Thoughts) Twist! Envelop!(Thoughts) Twisting Whirlpool Flowing Water!Yahaba	Ngh… Ugh![Action: Yahaba sends more attacks toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Grrr…!(Thoughts) My sword’s so heavy! But…!(Thoughts) Second Form… Improved… Lateral Water Wheel![Action: Yahaba is beheaded.]Yahaba	Gah…[Scene: At Tamayo’s mansion. Tanjirou has beheaded Yahaba.]Yahaba	Gah…Tanjirou	Ugh…!(Thoughts) I did it! The Whirlpool move loses force when it’s not underwater!(Thoughts) But thanks to my opponent’s attack, it gained power, and I was able to envelop the arrows![Action: Yahaba’s head lands on the ground.]Yahaba	Ngh…!Curse you! Curse you! Curse you! All I had to do was bring back your head, and I would’ve won his approval!I’ll never forgive you! I’ll never forgive you! Shoving my face into this vile dirt!You’re going down with me![Action: Yahaba’s hands send an attack to Tanjirou. Several arrows appear through Tanjirou’s body.]Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) Oh no! He’s gonna get me![Action: Tanjirou is sent flying by the arrows.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) I’m getting pulled by a force stronger than the arrows he’s hit me with!(Thoughts) I gotta unleash move after move and go on the defensive, or my body’s going to get smashed!Fourth form! Striking Tide![Action: Tanjirou releases an attack, and he hits the ground instead of a tree.]Tanjirou	Ugh…[Action: Another arrow sends Tanjirou flying into the air.]Tanjirou	Ah… Ngh…!(Thoughts) The pressure is bearing down on my body, and I can’t swing my sword! (Thoughts) Unleash one! Unleash a move! Not here! Don’t let yourself get beat!(Thoughts) Second Form, Water Wheel![Action: Tanjirou unleashes an attack and stops in the air, but another arrow sends him flying down.]Tanjirou	Ahh!!(Thoughts) Waterfall Basin![Action: Tanjirou unleashes an attack and stops himself from hitting the mansion, but he’s sent flying back up.]Tanjirou	Ahh!Water Surface Slash! Drop Ripple Thrust Curve! Whirlpool!(Thoughts) I’ve never made this many consecutive moves before!(Thoughts) It feels like both my arms are about to get torn off![Action: Yahaba’s head starts to dissolve.]Yahaba	Nowhere near enough! More… Suffer more![Action: Tanjirou continues to be tossed around in the air.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) How many more times? How many?(Thoughts) Don’t think about it! Just keep unleashing moves! Keep throwing them out!Yahaba	Not yet! It’s still not enough yet![Action: Yahaba’s head completely dissolves. Tanjirou falls from the sky and lands on his back.]Tanjirou	Gah…[Action: Tanjirou catches his breath and gets back up.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Nezuko… Miss Tamayo… Yushirou… Ngh…(Thoughts) I’ve got a broken rib and leg.[Action: Tanjirou reaches for his sword but can’t grasp it.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) N-No good! I’m too exhausted to grip my sword! (Thoughts) I gotta get over there! There’s still one more demon![Action: Tanjirou takes the sword into his mouth and begins crawling forward.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’ll be there soon! I’ll be there soon! So be safe, all right? Please… be safe![Scene: Elsewhere on the property. Yushirou faces off against Susamaru. Susamaru bounces her temari balls, causing dust to be stirred up.]Susamaru	Hahaha!Yushirou	Ngh…[Action: Susamaru starts throwing her temari balls at Yushirou. Yushirou dodges them.]Yushirou	Ridiculous! It’s child’s play for me to evade a linear attack like this! Locating you is a breeze, as well![Action: Yushirou disappears.]Susamaru	Heh…(Thoughts) The same goes for you! No matter how well you might conceal yourself, I can see you clear as day![Action: Susamaru throws a temari ball straight for Yushirou’s head.]Yushirou	Ngh…![Action: Nezuko blocks the ball with her foot and kicks it away.]Susamaru	Haha! What fun this is!Nezuko	Mm…Yushirou	Hey, you! Don’t be so rash just because you’re immortal![Action: Nezuko sees her younger brother in Yushirou.]Yushirou	Wh-What’s wrong?[Action: Nezuko pats Yushirou’s head.]Nezuko	Mm…Yushirou	What do you think you’re doing? Here it comes![Action: Susamaru throws another temari ball at Yushirou and Nezuko. Nezuko kicks it away.]Nezuko	Mm!Susamaru	Hahahaha![Action: Susamaru continues throwing temari balls at Nezuko, but Nezuko keeps kicking them away.]Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh… Ngh!Yushirou	Look at her…Lady Tamayo…Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko kicks a ball back at Susamaru.]Susamaru	Ah…![Action: Susamaru catches the temari ball.]Susamaru	Ngh…(Thoughts) You little brat! You little brat!(Thoughts) So, now you can kick my temari back at me? How insolent![Action: Susamaru drops her temari ball and kicks it to Nezuko. The two kick the ball to each other.]Susamaru	Ngh… You damn brat!Nezuko	Ngh…!Yushirou	Unbelievable. Lady Tamayo, is this…Tamayo	I used a healing serum on her, nothing more. Made exclusively for demons.Nezuko	Ngh!Tamayo	It doesn’t make one physically stronger. What we’re seeing is Nezuko’s own power.Without devouring human blood, solely on her own… Nezuko is gaining strength at a rapid rate.Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Nezuko kicks the temari ball at Susamaru’s head. Susamaru narrowly avoids it.]Susamaru	Ah…Tamayo	(Thoughts) However, her opponent is also formidable. If she were to go all-out, Nezuko wouldn’t stand a chance.(Thoughts) I’ve got to… do something.[Action: Tamayo pulls up her sleeve.]Susamaru	Hahahaha! You’re an amusing little girl!This time, I’m going all-out against you! I wonder how long you can hold out!Nezuko	Ngh…[Action: Tamayo walks in front of Nezuko.]Tamayo	Twelve Kizuki demon girl there…Susamaru	You’re in my way! Step back, you damn fugitive!Tamayo	Just tell me one thing please.Are you aware of Kibutsuji’s true identity?Susamaru	Ah…!What the hell did you say?!Tamayo	That man is nothing but a coward. He lives in constant fear of something.Susamaru	Stop it! Damn you! Stop it!Tamayo	Do you know why it is that demons can’t band together? The reason why demons cannibalize each other?It’s to prevent other demons from banding together and attacking him. He manipulates demons to act this way. Demons like you.Susamaru	Shut up! Shut up, shut up! No way is he that petty!Yushirou	Ah…(Thoughts) Lady Tamayo… is casting a spell.[Action: Tamayo’s hand bleeds as a scent wafts from it.]Susamaru	The power he wields is mind-blowing! There’s no one stronger than him! Not Lord Kibutsuji!Ah…![Action: Susamaru covers her mouth.]Susamaru	Ah!Tamayo	You’ve uttered that name out loud, haven’t you?That will trigger the curse.Susamaru	Ah… Ah…!Yushirou	(Thoughts) Magical Aroma of Daylight. It weakens its target’s brain functions, rendering that person unable to lie or keep secrets.(Thoughts) It’s immensely potent, Lady Tamayo!Tamayo	I do feel sorry for you, but… farewell.[Action: Susamaru runs off.]Susamaru	Ahh… Ahh!! Please forgive me! Please forgive me!I’m begging you! Please! Please forgive me![Action: Susamaru’s body begins to degrade.]Susamaru	Ah… Ahh… Ahhh!![Action: Arms burst from Susamaru’s mouth and upper body.][Scene: At Tamayo’s mansion. Susamaru has been subjected to Kibutsuji’s curse.]Tanjirou	Ah…Yushirou	A-Ahh…[Action: The arm coming from Susamaru’s mouth crushes her head.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Yushirou	Ahh…[Action: Susamaru’s body is broken apart until only an arm and eyeball are left.]Tanjirou	Did she just die?Tamayo	She will die momentarily.That’s the curse. Her physical body will be destroyed by Kibutsuji’s cells still in her body.Tanjirou	Ah…Tamayo	In general, battles between demons are futile.It’s pointless because they can’t inflict fatal wounds on each other. Only sunlight and the swords of Demon Slayers can do so.Kibutsuji alone appears to be able to destroy demon cells.[Action: Yushirou runs over to Tanjirou and shoves a cloth in his face.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Yushirou	Don’t go inhaling Lady Tamayo’s spell! It’s harmful to the human body! You got that?[Action: Tanjirou nods.]Tamayo	Tanjirou… She is not one of the Twelve Kizuki.The Twelve Kizuki have numbers engraved on their eyeballs, but this demon doesn’t have one.Most likely, the other demon isn’t a member of the Twelve Kizuki, either. They’re too weak.Tanjirou	Huh? Too weak? At that level?Yushirou	If Lady Tamayo says so, there’s no mistake.Still, who knew there were suck stupid demons?She physically injured Lady Tamayo. She got exactly what she deserved.[Action: Tamayo retrieves a blood sample from Susamaru’s arm.]Tamayo	I hope this blood will be instrumental in developing the healing serum.I’m going to take care of Nezuko. Not only did I medicate her, but she also inhaled my spell inadvertently.I’m so sorry.Yushirou	Ah!Don’t move a muscle! You’re on your own now!I don’t want to leave Lady Tamayo’s side! Not even for a second![Action: Yushirou runs off with Tamayo.]Susamaru	Ma… ri…Tanjirou	Huh?Susamaru	Mari… Mari…[Action: Tanjirou gets up and brings the temari ball to Susamaru.]Tanjirou	Here’s your mari.Susamaru	Play with me. Play with me.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) You’re just like a little kid. Even though you must’ve murdered scores of people.[Action: The sun rises, and Susamaru’s arm disintegrates.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) You were deluded into thinking you were in the Twelve Kizuki. Deceived… Compelled to fight… And now, you were killed by the Kibutsuji curse.(Thoughts) There’s no salvation.(Thoughts) Even after you die, not even your bones will remain. (Thoughts) Is this the price you pay for killing others?Ngh…(Thoughts) Kibutsuji… This is how that man treats even those who revere him! (Thoughts) He’s a true… demon![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou walks into Tamayo’s mansion.]Tanjirou	Tamayo!Yushirou?Yushirou	Over here! Over here!Tanjirou	Huh?Yushirou	Not that you need to come at all. But if you want to, then get down here.Tamayo	Yushirou!Yushirou	Only joking!Tamayo	Hurry down, then, Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Oh, right![Action: Tanjirou heads down to the basement.]Tanjirou	Ah… Nezuko![Action: Nezuko runs up to Tanjirou and hugs him.]Tamayo	I moved her to this basement, where the sunlight won’t reach her, ahead of daybreak.[Action: Nezuko pulls away from Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Oh… Nezuko?[Action: Nezuko hugs Tamayo.]Tamayo	Ah…Yushirou	Ngh…!Why, you! Step away from Lady Tamayo! That’s so rude!Tamayo	Stop it, Yushirou. I don’t mind at all.Yushirou	Yes, ma’am!(Thoughts) You have such a kind heart, Lady Tamayo. You’re too beautiful to believe!Nezuko	Mm… Mm~…[Action: Nezuko pats Yushirou’s head.]Yushirou	Cut… that… out!Tamayo	Nezuko has been acting this way since she awoke. Do you think she’s all right?Tanjirou	There’s nothing to worry about. She’s fine.She probably thinks you’re someone in our family.[Action: Yushirou tries pushing Nezuko’s hand away.]Yushirou	Cut it out!Tamayo	Family?But I thought the spell Nezuko is under causes her to see humans as her family. And Yushirou and I are demons.Yushirou	Cut it out!Tanjirou	But Nezuko has perceived you two as humans. That’s why she tried to protect you.[Action: Nezuko gives up and goes back to hugging Tamayo.]Tamayo	Ahh…Tanjirou	At first, I didn’t like the idea of Nezuko being under a spell, but since it looks like she has a will of her own, I’m glad that --[Action: Tanjirou looks up to see Tamayo tearing up.]Tanjirou	Ah…! I-I’m so sorry!Nezuko! Nezuko! S-Step away from her! It’s rude, all right?![Action: Tamayo returns Nezuko’s hug.]Tamayo	Thank you… Nezuko… Thank you…Yushirou	Ah…[Action: Yushirou remembers back to when Tamayo saved him.]Tamayo	(Flashback) Do you still wish to live?(Flashback) Do you still wish to live even if you’re no longer human?(Flashback) If this goes on, you will most likely succumb to your illness. However, losing your humanity will cause you pain and grief.(Flashback) Do you still wish to live? Yushirou and I will leave this region.Tanjirou	Huh?Tamayo	We’ve gotten too close to Kibutsuji. We must conceal our whereabouts soon or the risk will be too great.Not to mention, even if I think I’ve concealed my identity, when I interact with humans as a doctor, people sometimes see through my disguise as a demon.The young and the elderly are particularly perceptive. Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Yes?Tamayo	Would you like us to take Nezuko in?Yushirou	Wha…!Tanjirou	Huh?Tamayo	I can’t give you an absolute guarantee that she’ll be safe, but I believe it will be less dangerous than taking her into battle.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That might be true. She’s right. It would be better for Nezuko to be in their care.[Action: Nezuko takes Tanjirou’s hand.]Tanjirou	Ah… Ahh…[Action: Tanjirou squeezes Nezuko’s hand in return.]Tanjirou	Miss Tamayo, thank you so much for your concern.But… Nezuko and I are staying together. We’re not going to live apart from each other. Never again.Tamayo	Very well. In that case, I wish you long-lasting good fortune in battle.Yushirou	All right.We’ll be leaving after we erase all traces of ourselves. You two get going now!Tanjirou	Right!Okay, Miss Tamayo, Yushirou, we wish you well![Action: Tanjirou bows to Tamayo and Yushirou.]Tanjirou	Let’s go, Nezuko.[Action: Nezuko runs off.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Don’t go rushing off like that![Action: Tanjirou follows after Nezuko.]Yushirou	Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Huh?Yushirou	Your kid sister… is a beauty.Tanjirou	Ah… Hahaha![Scene: On the road. Tanjirou and Nezuko set off. A kasugai crow flies overhead.]Crow	South-southeast! South-southeast! South-southeast!Your next location is south-southeast!Tanjirou	I heard you! I heard, so give me a break and quiet down!I’m begging you! I got the message, so please!Zenitsu	Please!!Tanjirou	Huh?![Action: Tanjirou and his kasugai crow turn to see Zenitsu harassing a girl.]Tanjirou	Huh?Zenitsu	Please! Please! Please! Please marry me!I could die any day, you know!That’s why I want you to marry me! So please! Please, I’m begging you!Tanjirou	Wh-What’s up with that? What on earth?Demon Slayer S.1 E.11Title: Tsuzumi MansionCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Kyougai, Inosuke Hashibira, Shoichi, Teruko, kasugai crow, girl, boy, demonJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: On a rural path through a field. Tanjirou’s kasugai crow gives him instructions.]Crow	South-southeast! Your next location is south-southeast!Tanjirou	I heard you! I heard, so give me a break and quiet down!I’m begging you! I got the message, so please!Zenitsu	Please!!Tanjirou	Wha!Huh?[Action: Tanjirou turns to see Zenitsu harassing a girl nearby.]Zenitsu	Please! Please! Please! Please marry me!I could die any day, you know! That’s why I want you to marry me! So please! Please! I’m begging you!Tanjirou	Wh-What’s up with that? What on earth?[Action: Zenitsu’s sparrow flies over to Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Woah…[Action: Zenitsu’s sparrow makes frantic flapping motions.]Tanjirou	Huh?[Scene: On the rural path. Zenitsu’s sparrow continues making frantic motions as Zenitsu harasses the girl.]Zenitsu	I’m begging you!! There’s no one else! You’re all that I have! Tanjirou	Okay… Okay… I see! Gotcha! I’ll do something about it! [Action: The girl pushes Zenitsu away from her.]Zenitsu	Please help me! Please marry me! I’m begging --[Action: Tanjirou pulls Zenitsu away from the girl.]Zenitsu	Gah!Tanjirou	What do you think you’re doing right in the middle of the road?!Can’t you see she wants no part of you?! And don’t go making trouble for your sparrow, either!Zenitsu	Ah… That uniform! You’re that guy from the Final Selection!Tanjirou	No one I know is anything like you! I don’t know you!Zenitsu	What?! But we met, remember? We met, remember?!You’re the one with the problem! Like your memory![Action: Tanjirou recognizes Zenitsu from the Final Selection. He lets go of Zenitsu’s collar.]Tanjirou	All right, it’s been taken care of. You can head home now without any worries.Girl	I will. Thank you very much!Zenitsu	Hey!!Stay out of my way! That girl is going to marry me! Because she’s in love with me, all ri --[Action: The girl slaps Zenitsu across the face.]Zenitsu	Wha… Gah![Action: The girl continues slapping Zenitsu on the head.]Zenitsu	Hey! Ouch! That hurts! Stop it! Stop it! Ouch! Ouch! Ouch!Tanjirou	H-Hey, calm down![Action: Tanjirou holds the girl back from slapping Zenitsu more.]Zenitsu	Ahhh!!Girl	When did I ever tell you that I loved you?!You were crumpled up on the side of the road looking ill, and all I did was speak to you!Zenitsu	What?! You mean you didn’t reach out to me out of love because you were worried?!Girl	I already have a fiance, so not on your life!With all that energy, you must be fine now, right?! Goodbye![Action: The girl storms off.]Zenitsu	W-Wait, come back! Come…Tanjirou	Look, cut it out!Zenitsu	Wh-Why’d you get in my way?! This has nothing to do with you![Action: Tanjirou looks at Zenitsu, clearly disgusted.]Zenitsu	What’s with that look on your face?!Stop that! Why are you staring at me like I’m a creature or something?!Hey, you! You’re responsible for it! Since it’s your fault that I missed out on getting married![Action: Tanjirou looks even more disgusted.]Zenitsu	Jeez, say something!Listen up! I’m going to die soon! During my next job! The thing is, I’m terribly weak, okay?! I’m not kidding!You gotta protect me until I manage to get married, all right?!Tanjirou	My name is Tanjirou Kamado!Zenitsu	Is that right?! My apologies!I’m Zenitsu Agatsuma! Please save me, Tanjirou!Tanjirou	What do you mean, save you? What was your reason for becoming a swordsman, Zenitsu?Why are you being so blatantly shameless?Zenitsu	That’s a harsh way to put it!I got swindled by a woman and racked up all this debt! The old geezer who took it over for me was a cultivator!Day after day, I had to go through hellish training! It was so bad that I thought I’d be better off dead!I was hoping I could die during Final Selection! But since I was lucky enough to survive, I’m still going through hell every day!Ahhh!! I’m so scared! Scared! Scared! Scared!I just know that I’m gonna get devoured and killed soon by a demon! My brains are gonna get sucked through my ears while I’m still alive!No!! No!! Please save me!!Tanjirou	What’s the matter? Are you okay?[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou and a calmer Zenitsu continue on their way.]Tanjirou	How are you?Zenitsu	Yeah. Now that I’m calmer, I’m getting hungry.Tanjirou	Don’t you have any food on you?Zenitsu	Nope.[Action: Tanjirou pulls out a rice ball and offers it to Zenitsu.]Tanjirou	Here, take this. Would you like to eat it?Zenitsu	Oh, thanks.[Action: Zenitsu takes the rice ball and eats it.]Zenitsu	Hm? You’re not eating, Tanjirou?Tanjirou	No, since that’s all I’ve got.Zenitsu	Ah…[Action: Zenitsu splits the rice ball and offers it to Tanjirou.]Zenitsu	Here.Tanjirou	Ah…Zenitsu	You eat half.Tanjirou	Huh? You sure? Thanks![Action: Tanjirou takes his half of the rice ball and eats it.]Tanjirou	Mm![Action: Tanjirou and Zenitsu continue on.]Tanjirou	I know what you mean when you say you’re scared of demons, but you can’t make trouble for your sparrow.Zenitsu	Huh? Was it distressed? The sparrow? How can you tell?Tanjirou	Well, he says that you’re always whining about not wanting to go to work, and you’re always hitting on girls, and that you snore so loud, he’s had it! So he says.Zenitsu	He’s saying that?! You can understand bird language?Tanjirou	Yeah.Zenitsu	You’re lying, right?! You’re just trying to trick me![Action: Tanjirou’s kasugai crow flies overhead.]Crow	Start running! Start running! Tanjirou, Zenitsu, run!Both of you head over to your next destination! Run! Run, Tanjirou, Zenitsu!Zenitsu	Ahh!! That crow is talking![Scene: Sometime later, in a forest. Tanjirou and Zenitsu head to their destination.]Zenitsu	Hey, Tanjirou, on second thought, I’m not gonna make it.Even if I go along, I’m gonna be totally useless.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The demon scent is getting stronger little by little. There’s something up ahead.[Action: A mansion comes into view.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s that?[Action: Tanjriou and Zenitsu stand in front of the Tsuzumi Mansion.]Tanjirou	I can smell blood. But this particular scent…Zenitsu	Huh? You smell something?Tanjirou	Something I’ve never smelled before.Zenitsu	I don’t know about that, but do you hear that sound? Also, are you and I gonna work together, after all?Tanjirou	Sound?Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees two children cowering under the trees.]Zenitsu	K-Kids…Tanjirou	I wonder what’s wrong.Hey, guys, what are you doing here?Shouichi	Ah…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) They seem really spooked.Okay, wanna see something cool? Ta-da![Action: Tanjirou presents Zenitsu’s sparrow.Tanjirou	It’s a tame sparrow!See? Isn’t he cute?Shouichi, TerukoAhh…[Action: Shouichi and Teruko fall to their knees.]Tanjirou	Please tell me. Did something happen? Is this your house?Shouichi	No. No, it’s not. This… This is… a m-monster’s… house.Our big brother got taken away. When we were walking down the road at night, this monster we’d never seen before showed up. It didn’t give us a glance, just our brother.Tanjirou	And they went inside that house, right?Shouichi	Yeah. Yeah…Tanjirou	Did you two follow them here? You did well. Good job! Shouichi	We followed the traces of his blood. Because he got hurt! Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hurt…Don’t worry! We’re going to defeat the bad guy and rescue your brother!Teruko	Really? You really will?Tanjirou	Yeah. For sure!Zenitsu	Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Huh?Zenitsu	Hey, what is this sound? This creepy sound never stops.Is it a tsuzumi?Tanjirou	Sound? I don’t hear any.[Action: A tsuzumi drum can be heard in the area.]Zenitsu	Ah…!Tanjirou	Ah…!Shouichi, TerukoAh….[Action: On the final drum beat, a boy’s body flies out from the door on the second floor.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Zenitsu	Ah…![Action: The boy’s body hits the ground.]Teruko	Ahh!Tanjirou	Don’t look!Zenitsu	Ah…!Tanjirou	Are you all right?![Action: Tanjirou cradles the boy in his arms.]Tanjirou	Are you all right? Stay with me!(Thoughts) Ah… The wound is so deep. Is this…Boy	Even though… I got out…Even though I made it out… Made it outside… Still… Am I gonna die? Am I still gonna die?Tanjirou	Ngh…![Action: Tanjirou hugs the boy in his final moments.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ahh… And now he’s gone…(Thoughts) It must’ve hurt a lot. You must’ve suffered.Zenitsu	Tanjirou, by any chance, is that guy these kids’…[Action: A furious flurry of drum beats plays through the area.]Demon	Urahhh!Teruko	Ah!Zenitsu	Ah…!Tanjirou	Ngh…![Scene: In front of the Tsuzumi Mansion. Tanjirou holds the dead boy as Shouichi, Teruko, and Zenitsu tremble.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) We couldn’t save him. If only we’d gotten here a little sooner, we might’ve managed to save him.Hey, is this man your…Shouichi	I-It’s not Brother. Brother’s wearing a persimmon-colored kimono.Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) I see. So it’s captured more than one person.[Action: Tanjirou lays the boy’s body down.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I promise to bury you when I return. Forgive me. Forgive me.All right. Zenitsu, come on!Zenitsu	Ah… Ahh…![Action: Zenitsu shakes his head frantically.]Tanjirou	But no one else can help them now but you and me.Zenitsu	Eek…![Action: Tanjirou’s face darkens.]Tanjirou	Really? All right, then.Zenitsu	Eek![Action: Tanjirou turns and begins to walk away. Zenitsu grabs onto Nezuko’s box.]Zenitsu	Ahh! Hey, come on! Why are you making that ogre face at me?! Okay, I’ll go!Tanjirou	I have no intention of forcing you to.Zenitsu	I said I’ll go![Action: Tanjirou places Nezuko’s box down in front of Shouichi and Teruko.]Shouichi	Ah…Tanjirou	In case of an emergency, I’m leaving this box behind. Even if something happens, you two will be protected.Okay, we’re going now.[Action: Tanjirou goes toward the mansion. Zenitsu reluctantly follows while sobbing. The two enter the mansion and walk further inside.]Zenitsu	Urgh… Tanjirou! Hey, Tanjirou!You’ll protect me, right? You’ll protect me, right?Tanjirou	Zenitsu, I hate to put you on the spot, but… I’ve got a broken rib and leg from my previous battle.And neither are fully healed yet. So --Zenitsu	What?! What?! What do you mean, broken bones?! Don’t go breaking bones on me!If you’ve got fractures, you can’t possibly protect me! I-I-I’m gonna die!Ah! What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I’m gonna die now! Gonna die, gonna die, gonna die! Ahh!!Broken bones?! How could you?! I’m a dead man now! 99.9% dead! I’m dead! I’m dead! I’m dead!Tanjirou	Zenitsu, quiet down! You’ll be all right!Zenitsu	Don’t sugarcoat it!Tanjirou	I’m not! I can tell, all right? Zenitsu, you’re… Ah…[Action: Tanjirou looks toward the end of the hall.]Tanjirou	No good!Zenitsu	Ahhh!![Action: Shouichi and Teruko run from the other end of the hall.]Tanjirou	You shouldn’t be here!Shouichi	M-Mister, we heard scratching sounds from inside that box!Tanjirou	E-Even still, it pains me that you left it behind!I mean, it’s more precious to me than my own life![Action: A tremor occurs throughout the mansion.]Teruko	Ah…!Zenitsu	Ugh… Ahhh!![Action: Zenitsu covers his ears and falls to his knees, accidentally bumping Tanjirou and Teruko. Tanjirou and Teruko back into another room.Tanjirou	Ah…!Zenitsu	Ah, sorry! My butt…[Action: A drum is played, and Tanjirou and Teruko are transported to another room.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Drums continue to play, and Tanjirou and Teruko are transported to different rooms with each beat.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s a different room. No, were we the ones that moved? To the beat of that tsuzumi?[Action: Teruko shakes in fear.]Tanjirou	Ah… Sorry you got separated from your brother, okay? But I’m gonna protect you no matter what.And Zenitsu is gonna protect your brother. Don’t worry! What’s your name?Teruko	Teruko…Tanjirou	Is that right? Teruko? That’s a fine name you have… Ah![Action: Tanjirou senses something coming. Kyougai stomps his way through the mansion, stopping in the doorway of the room Tanjirou and Teruko are trapped in.]Teruko	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou covers Teruko’s mouth.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ngh… Even among all these scents, this is the strongest one that this house is steeped in! This one’s devoured a whole slew of humans!(Thoughts) This one’s the master of the house.[Scene: In the hallway. Zenitsu screams.]Zenitsu	I’m gonna die! Gonna die, gonna die, gonna die, I’m telling you!Tanjirou and I got split up!Shouichi	Teruko!Zenitsu	Ah!Shouichi	Teruko![Action: Zenitsu clings to Shouichi’s arm.]Zenitsu	No, no, no, no! Don’t yell like that!If you yell and the bad guy hears you, it won’t be pretty! Come on, let’s step outside!Shouichi	Wha… Why outside? Are you trying to escape all by yourself?Zenitsu	Huh?Shouichi	All this constant yammering about dying… Aren’t you ashamed of yourself?Zenitsu	Ah!Shouichi	Clinging onto a younger person… Don’t you feel pathetic?Zenitsu	Erk…!Shouichi	What are you wearing that sword on your hip for anyway?Zenitsu	Gah! Guh…[Action: Zenitsu falls backward.]Zenitsu	Those words cut so deep. Gah…[Action: Zenitsu pulls Shouichi along while booking it out of the mansion.]Zenitsu	That’s not it! I’m not gonna be of any use anyway!Shouichi	Let me go!Zenitsu	So I’m gonna summon a grownup here, okay?!Because this isn’t something us kids can resolve on our own![Action: Zenitsu opens the door, thinking that it leads outside, but he is led to another hallway.]Zenitsu	Ngh! Ah…You’re kidding me, kidding me, kidding me! I’m sure this was the front door! Where’d the outside go? I mean, this door was…Is it this one?[Action: Zenitsu opens several doors.]Zenitsu	How about this one? What about this one?![Action: Inosuke stands in the room looking menacing.]Zenitsu	It’s a monster!!Ahhh!![Action: Inosuke speeds out of the room and down the hall. Shouichi looks down at Zenitsu’s cowering form.]Zenitsu	What the heck? What’s that look in your eyes? Stop looking at me like that![Scene: In the room where Tanjirou and Teruko are trapped. Tanjirou holds his hand over Teruko’s mouth.]Kyougai	If it hadn’t been… If it hadn’t been for their meddling…Tanjirou	Teruko, you gotta try not to scream.The room’s going to flip around, so don’t go into the hall. Step back and hid behind the shelves.[Action: Teruko runs back behind the shelves.]Kyougai	Curses, curses! Thanks to them, he got away! When he was my prey!Why is it? Why do they all keep barging into someone else’s home? It’s infuriating. That was my prey! My own prey, discovered on my own turf![Action: Tanjirou draws his sword.]Kyougai	Curse them! Curse them!Tanjirou	Hey! Listen!I’m with the Demon Slayers Corp, Rank 10, Tanjirou Kamado! I’m going to slay you now!Kyougai	A child with rare blood that I found myself![Action: Tanjirou launches himself at Kyougai.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Got him![Action: Kyougai beats on his drum.]Tanjirou	Huh?[Action: The room flips around.]Tanjirou	Ah!Teruko	Ahh!Tanjirou	Ngh… Teruko!(Thoughts) Now the tatami floors are on the sides! The room’s been flipped!(Thoughts) So this is that demon’s Blood Demon Art! This entire house is this demon’s territory!(Thoughts) Ah… What’s this? An odd scent is wafting this way. It’s not a demon![Action: Inosuke runs wildly through the hallway.]Inosuke	Hahaha! Hahaha! Hahaha!Comin’ through, comin’ through! Comin’ through![Action: Inosuke bursts through the paper doors leading to the room Tanjirou is in.]Inosuke	Ngh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Wh-Who’s that guy?! He’s wearing a boar’s head… and he’s wielding Nichirin swords!Inosuke	All right, you monster… Die on the battlefield and serve as my springboard so that I can become more powerful and soar even higher!Kyougai	Infuriating! Infuriating!Tanjirou	Ah…Inosuke	Here goes… Comin’… through!Demon Slayer S.1 E.12Title: The Boar Bares its Fangs, Zenitsu SleepsCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Kyougai, Inosuke Hashibira, Kiyoshi, Shoichi, Teruko, Sakonji Urokodaki, Muzan Kibutsuji, Tongue Demon (Tongue Oni), Horned Demon (Horned Oni), kasugai crowJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the Tsuzumi Mansion. Inosuke prepares for battle.]Inosuke	Here goes… I’m comin’ through!Ngh![Action: Inosuke launches himself toward Kyougai.]Kyougai	Infuriating! Infuriating![Action: Kyougai beats his drum, and the room flips.]Inosuke	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ah!Teruko	Ahh!Tanjirou	Teruko! Hold onto the furniture!Inosuke	Grr!Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Inosuke jumps off Tanjirou toward Kyougai.]Inosuke	Urgh!Tanjirou	That’s a demon with supernatural abilities! Stop launching those reckless assaults!Inosuke	Hahahaha![Scene: In the Tsuzumi Mansion. The room shakes. Inosuke launches toward Kyougai.]Inosuke	Ngh!Kyougai	Infuriating! You damn insects running amok in my house![Action: Kyougai beats his drum, making the room spin.]Tanjirou	Ah!Inosuke	Woah… Urgh!Tanjirou	Ngh…Teruko	Ngh…[Action: Inosuke steps on Teruko’s back.]Inosuke	Grr…Teruko	Ah!Inosuke	Hahaha! Hahahaha! The room freakin’ spun around! This is fun! I’m havin’ a blast!Hahahaha!Tanjirou	Ah! Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou removes Inosuke’s foot from Teruko’s back.]Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	Don’t stomp all over her![Action: Tanjirou tosses Inosuke away.]Inosuke	Ah!Grr…Who the hell are you?Tanjirou	What do you think you’re doing, stepping on a little kid like that?!Inosuke	Hahahaha! I like it, I like it! No human has ever sent me flying like that before!Urah![Action: Inosuke swings at Tanjirou, but Tanjirou jumps back.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Why is he coming after me? Isn’t he a Demon Slayer?Inosuke	My swords will hurt you. Because they’re not the kind of swords you little gentlemen use!The way they shred through flesh… I pride myself on that!Tanjirou	Knock it off! There’s a demon right there, you know!Inosuke	Like I care! Urah![Action: Inosuke runs toward Tanjirou again.]Kyougai	Damn insects! Get out of my sight! Die![Action: Kyougai beats a drum, and several slashes run through the tatami between Tanjirou and Inosuke. Both boys jump back.]Inosuke	Woah!Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) The floor ripped apart all of a sudden! At the same speed as the sound of the drum, in the shape of a beast’s claws![Action: Kyougai beats the drum again, sending an attack toward Inosuke. He dodges the attack. Kyougai beats a drum again, sending the room spinning.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Spinning right![Action: Kyougai beats a drum again.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Spinning left!Kyougai	Damn insects![Action: Kyougai beats a drum.]Kyougai	You damn miserable insects![Action: Kyougai beats another drum, sending the room spinning. Inosuke falls through a door.]Inosuke	Ahh!Ah… Ahh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m starting to get the hang of it now![Action: Kyougai mutters something, and Tanjirou ends up in another room.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) We’re in yet another room? (Thoughts) But what does this mean?Teruko	Ah…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That demon didn’t strike his drum just now.(Thoughts) I’m picking up the scent of multiple demons in this house. Is there another demon with a drum?(Thoughts) That’s why…[Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) … there’s the smell of blood.Teruko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Ah… You’ll be fine, okay? Just stay behind me.[Action: Tanjirou puts Teruko down.]Teruko	Okay.[Action: Tanjirou opens a door. He sees a dead human down the hall.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) Another human ripped to shreds and devoured!Teruko	Wh-What’s the matter?Tanjirou	It’s all right. There are no demons around.Come on, let’s head over there.Without so much as a backward glance, look straight ahead, okay?[Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air again.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s another scent. A unique scent of blood I’ve never smelled before. (Thoughts) Looks like there wasn’t that much bleeding.[Action: Tanjirou stops and puts his finger to his lips. He opens the door to another room, where Kiyoshi is sitting with a drum.]Kiyoshi	Eek![Action: Kiyoshi hits the drum.][Scene: Elsewhere in the mansion. Zenitsu nervously leads Shouichi along.]Zenitsu	Ahh… Ahh… Ahh…Shouichi	Mmm…Zenitsu	Ngh… Ngh… Urgh… Shouichi	Excuse me, Zenitsu. Zenitsu	Ahhh!!U-Urahhh![Action: Zenitsu clings to Shouichi.]Shouichi	Ah! Ngh…Zenitsu	G-G-G-Give me a signal first! If you have something to say, don’t do it out loud suddenly!It feels like my heart missed a beat!Shouichi	I’m sorry.Zenitsu	If that had come to pass, you would’ve become a murderer for sure! You get it?! Shouichi	It’s just that… Well, you see… You’ve been sweating, gasping, and shivering so horribly. Zenitsu	What about it?! Aren’t I doing the best I can here?!Shouichi	Well, forgive me for saying so, but you’re making me nervous, too, so…Zenitsu	Oh, no! Sorry about that!But even so, if we talk too much, those demons and all will… they might find us, right?! That’s why… I think it would be best to be as quiet as possible! Right?![Action: The Tongue Demon crawls behind Zenitsu.]Shouichi	Ahh…Zenitsu	Huh?[Action: Zenitsu turns around slowly.]Tongue Oni	Fufu… Hehe… A couple of kids. Probably most agreeable to the tongue.Zenitsu	What did I tell you?!Shouichi	Ahh…Zenitsu	A demon showed up! You got it?! A demon showed up![Scene: In the Tsuzumi Mansion. Zenitsu and Shouichi run frantically through the halls as the Tongue Demon chases them.]Zenitsu	No~!! Go away!! Stay away from us! Stop that!Tongue Oni	Fufu…Zenitsu	W-W-We don’t taste good! I’m sure I taste awful!I’m serious, okay?! This kid’s all skin and bones, so he’s all dry and tastes ghastly!Tongue Oni	Hehehe… How will I know until I have a taste?[Action: The Tongue Demon extends his tongue toward Zenitsu.]Zenitsu	Gahhh!Shouichi	Ngh![Action: Zenitsu grabs Shouichi and dodges the attack.]Shouichi	Ngh…Zenitsu	What was that?! He’s quick-tongued! Even able to split a vase in two!Tongue Oni	Grrr![Action: The Tongue Demon attacks Zenitsu again.]Zenitsu	This can’t be real!Ahhh![Action: Zenitsu bursts into a room with Shouichi.]Shouichi	Ngh… Zenitsu! Get up!Zenitsu	Ahh! It’s in my knees now! 80% of my fear is in my knees!Shouichi	This isn’t the time to whine!Zenitsu	J-J-J-Just leave me behind, okay? Make a run for it!Shouichi	I couldn’t possibly do that!Zenitsu	Ah!(Thoughts) He’s such a good kid! Staying here even though all I do is whimper! (Thoughts) I’ve got to find a way somehow!Shouichi	Ngh…Zenitsu	(Thoughts) If I don’t protect him, what will become of him? Dying before he reaches double digits would be way too tragic!(Thoughts) But I’m so horribly weak!Shouichi	Get up!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) I don’t have the ability to protect him. But if I don’t protect him…Tongue Oni	Hehehe… I’m gonna guzzle your brains through your ears!Zenitsu	Ah…[Action: Zenitsu faints.]Shouichi	Zenitsu! Zenit… Ah![Action: Zenitsu snores.]Shouichi	(Thoughts) He’s fast asleep.Tongue Oni	Hehehe… What’s up with him?[Action: Shouichi begins dragging Zenitsu back as the Tongue Demon crawls closer.]Shouichi	Ngh!              Ah… Ahh… Ah… Tongue Oni	Hehehehe… Hehehe… Shouichi	Ah… Ahh…Tongue Oni	Die![Action: The Tongue Demon launches his tongue at Shouichi.]Shouichi	Ahh!! Zenitsu! Please wake up![Action: Zenitsu’s hand twitches. In the next moment, the tip of the Tongue Demon’s tongue is cut off.]Tongue Oni	Ngh![Action: Zenitsu, still asleep, stands up.]Shouichi	Ahh…Tongue Oni	Urgh… Ngh…[Action: Zenitsu prepares to draw his sword. He exhales deeply.]Tongue Oni	(Thoughts) Wh-What’s this sound? This guy… He’s giving off a different vibe!Shouichi	Zenitsu?Zenitsu	Thunder Breathing, First Form. Thunderclap Flash.[Action: Zenitsu launches toward the Tongue Demon.]Tongue Oni	Ahh…![Action: In an instant, Zenitsu beheads the Tongue Demon.]Shouichi	Ah…[Action: Zenitsu immediately wakes up.]Zenitsu	Gah! Huh?[Action: The Tongue Demon’s head rolls by Zenitsu’s foot.]Zenitsu	Ahhhh!! He’s dead! He died all of a sudden!What the hell?! I can’t take this anymore! What is this?! What the?! Yuck!Shouichi	Ahh…[Action: The Tongue Demon’s body disintegrates.]Zenitsu	Ah!Shouichi… Don’t tell me…[Action: Zenitsu hugs Shouichi.]Zenitsu	Ngh… Thank you! You saved my life! I shall be eternally grateful to you for this!Why didn’t you tell me sooner that you were so powerful?! Wahhh!Shouichi	Wha… What are you going on about?Zenitsu	Did you say something?Shouichi	Huh? No…Ahh… Uh, no. Forget it. Let’s get going, okay?Zenitsu	Okay.[Scene: Elsewhere in the mansion. Inosuke runs through the halls.]Inosuke	Damn! He sent me flying again!It’s been like this for the last three days, dammit!Making my way through a cramped building like this… It’s just not my thing, for crying out loud! Grr![Action: A hand reaches out toward Inosuke from around a corner.]Inosuke	Ngh…[Action: Inosuke jumps back.]Inosuke	Ugh! Huh?Horned Oni	You dodged me, huh? You seem to be a pretty fresh human.Your flesh will be well worth gouging out!Inosuke	Ngh… Grrr…Self-taught Beast Breathing…It’s gonna be so worth it to shred such a huge target![Action: Inosuke launches himself toward the Horned Demon.]Horned Oni	Hoho, you’ve got guts to charge me head-on like that![Action: Inosuke slices off the Horned Demon’s arms.]Horned Oni	Ahhh! Owie!Inosuke	Hahahaha! Flaunt your corpse and serve as my springboard![Action: Inosuke decapitates the Horned Demon.]Inosuke	Third Fang! Tear and Gorge!Urahh![Action: Inosuke kicks the Horned Demon’s body down and runs further into the hall.]Inosuke	Hahahaha!Comin’ through! Comin’ through![Scene: Elsewhere in the mansion. Kyougai searches his mansion.]Kyougai	Rare blood… Rare blood… If I can just consume some…Fifty… No, a hundred humans’ worth… I have to find more humans with rare blood and consume them.That way…[Action: Kyougai’s eye is revealed.]Kyougai	… I can reclaim my place among the Twelve Kizuki![Scene: In the past. Kyougai struggles to eat a human as Kibutsuji approaches him.]Kibutsuji	(Flashback) Kyougai.Kyougai	(Flashback) Ahh…Kibutsuji	(Flashback) You can’t eat any more? Is that all you’ve got?Kyougai	(Flashback) No. No, I’m not done![Action: An x-shaped wound is slashed across Kyougai’s eye.]Kyougai	(Flashback) Ahh!(Flashback) P-Please give me more time! J-Just a little!Kibutsuji	(Flashback) I’ve had enough. I’m stripping you of your number. That’s your limit, and you’ve reached it.Kyougai	(Narration) The more humans you consume, the stronger you can become. And once he saw my potential, Lord Kibutsuji was willing to share his blood with me.(Narration) The power of that man’s blood was mind-boggling. I was sure that I’d grow infinitely stronger than ever before, be welcomed into the ranks of the Twelve Kizuki, continue to gorge myself on humans, and become even more powerful! Or so I believed!(Narration) Or so I believed…[Scene: In the present, in the mansion.]Teruko	Ah… Kiyoshi!Kiyoshi	Ah… Ah!Teruko	Brother! Brother![Action: Teruko runs up to Kiyoshi.]Kiyoshi	Teruko!Teruko	Ah…Kiyoshi	Wh-Who’s he?Tanjirou	I’m Tanjiro Kamado. I’ve come to defeat the evil demons.Kiyoshi	Ah…Tanjirou	Now then, show me your wounds. Good job for hanging in there on your own.[Action: Kiyoshi breaks down in tears.]Kiyoshi	Ngh…Teruko	Brother…Tanjirou	Ah… Heh…[Action: Tanjirou pulls out a small parcel.]Tanjirou	This ointment here is amazing! My master gave it to me!My master always wears a tengu mask.Action: Tanjirou applies the ointment to Kiyoshi’s leg.]Kiyoshi	Tengu? Really?Tanjirou	Yes, it’s true. My master’s ointment is so amazing, it kicks in within mere seconds![Action: Tanjirou wraps Kiyoshi’s leg in a bandage.]Tanjirou	Okay, you’re all set!Well? The pain is gone, isn’t it?Kiyoshi	Yes!Tanjirou	Do you think you can tell me what happened here?Kiyoshi	Ah… Ngh…A monster dragged me away, a-and I nearly got eaten.But just then, another monster showed up out of nowhere, a-and they started fighting to the death…It was over… who was gonna get to e-eat me.A-And then, the one with the drum growing out of him… When the other monster defeated him, he dropped a drum!And when I picked it up and struck it, the room suddenly changed. I somehow held on until now!Tanjirou	Ah…A demon with drums growing out of him… So that was him? He mentioned “rare blood” or something like that.Kiyoshi	Ah… That’s right! He kept saying I had rare blood![Action: Tanjirou’s kasugai crow cries.]Crow	Caw! Rare blood! That’s what they call those who carry delicate blood!Teruko	Ahh!Kiyoshi	Ah!Crow	Hahaha! You little brats! I’m going to peck you now.Tanjirou	Cut it out!What do you mean by “delicate blood”?Crow	The blood of all living species can be categorized into types, moron!And the ultimate rare blood… the less common the blood is… for a demon! A single human with rare blood has the same nutritional value as eating fifty, one hundred humans!Tanjirou	Ah…Crow	For demons, humans with rare blood are a feast! Rare blood is their favorite food.Kiyoshi, TerukoNgh…[Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Kyougai stomps down the hall.]Kyougai	Rare blood… Rare blood… Tanjirou	Ngh… I’m leaving this room now. Kiyoshi	Huh?Tanjirou	Keep calm. It’s all right. I’m just going to take down that demon.Kiyoshi	Ah…Tanjirou	Listen to me, Teruko.Teruko	Ah…Tanjirou	Your brother is terribly exhausted right now. Make sure to look after him, okay?Teruko	Ahh…Tanjirou	As soon as I leave the room, strike that drum and move out. Just like Kiyoshi has been doing until now, whenever someone tries to open the door or you hear something, strike that drum right away and make a run for it.I promise to come pick you up. I’ll follow your scent. I’ll call out your names when I open the door.Kiyoshi, TerukoAh…Tanjirou	You just have to hold out a little longer. You can do it, right?[Action: Kiyoshi and Teruko nod.]Kiyoshi, TerukoYeah…Tanjirou	Good! You’re so strong!I’m heading out.[Action: From the other end of the room, Kyougai peeks out from around a corner. Tanjirou rushes toward him.]Tanjirou	Strike it![Action: Teruko beats the drum, and their room changes.]Kyougai	Damn insects! So infuriating![Action: Kyougai begins to strike his drum, making the room spin.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ugh…[Action: Tanjirou lands on the ceiling. Kyougai begins to attack and spin the room again.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) The drum on his right shoulder flips the room to the right! (Thoughts) The left one flips it to the left!(Thoughts) Right leg, forward spin! Left leg, backward spin!(Thoughts) And the drum on his belly launches that claw attack![Action: Kyougai beats on different drums, sending Tanjirou in multiple directions, until Tanjirou is falling toward Kyougai. Kyougai beats on the middle drum, sending an attack at Tanjirou, but he dodges it.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) Urgh… So fast! The speed of the rotations and attacks is devastating!(Thoughts) Miss Tamayo may have treated my wounds, but I haven’t fully recovered from my injuries yet!(Thoughts) Can I beat him? These injuries hurt so badly that I can hardly stand it!(Thoughts) All this time, I’ve just been enduring it! When I pulled Zenitsu off that girl and when I started out, I was enduring this horrendous pain!(Thoughts) I was able to withstand it because I’m the eldest son! But I couldn’t have if I were the second!Ngh…(Thoughts) Whenever I dig in, the broken parts creak, and I can’t muster any strength![Action: Kyougai beats the middle drum.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou dodges the attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That demon’s attack is leaving scars that look like claw marks. It scares me so much that I can’t move in closer!(Thoughts) Since I’m not at full strength, if I charge forward to get within striking distance and stumble from the pain… I’ll get sliced into rings![Action: Tanjirou jumps back further into the room.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) My injuries are making me imagine the most awful things! (Thoughts) Master Urokodaki!Urokodaki	(Flashback) Water can change into any form.(Flashback) Pour it into a container, and it’s a square. Pour it into a bottle, and it’s round. Sometimes, it can even smash boulders and flow away as far as the eye can see.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That’s right! That’s it! There are ten Water Breathing forms! (Thoughts) I can battle any kind of opponent!(Thoughts) If you’re hurt, use a move that will compensate for that! I can take on any form! And this flow will never be stopped![Action: Kyougai beats his drum, flipping the room.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Right now, it’s not just my bones! My heart’s also been broken!Zenitsu	(Imagination) What?! A broken Tanjirou is not gonna do any good!Tanjirou	All right! If you could please quiet down!! (Thoughts) Look straight ahead! Fire yourself up!(Thoughts) Give it all you’ve got, Tanjirou! You’ve got this![Action: Tanjirou picks up his sword.]Tanjirou	I’ve been doing great so far! I have what it takes!And not today or any other time in the future, even if I’m broken…Kyougai	Grrr…Tanjirou	… I won’t ever give up, no matter what!Demon Slayer S.1 E.13Title: Something More Important Than LifeCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Kyougai, Inosuke Hashibira, Kiyoshi, Shoichi, Teruko, manJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the Tsuzumi Mansion. Tanjirou faces off against Kyougai. Kyougai strikes his drum, making the room spin. After regaining his footing, Tanjirou wields his sword against Kyougai.]Tanjirou	I’ve done a good job until now! I have what it takes!And not today or any time in the future! Even if I’m broken…Kyougai	Grrr…Tanjirou	… I’ll never give up, no matter what![Scene: In the Tsuzumi Mansion. Zenitsu and Shouichi run through the halls.]Zenitsu	Where are you, Tanjirou?(Thoughts) I can still hear that creepy sound. Just be safe and sound, Tanjirou!Shouichi	Um, Zenitsu, is it just me, or are we just going around and around in circles?Zenitsu	I knew it! I was getting the same feeling! That’s my boy, Shouichi! I knew I could count on you!All right, could you check to see if this room is safe?Shouichi	Ahh…Zenitsu	What the heck?! All right, all right, just stop giving me that look! Fine, I’ll do it myself![Action: Zenitsu nervously peeks through an open door.]Zenitsu	Eek…There’s nobody around. Let’s go this way![Action: Zenitsu and Shouichi go down another hall.]Zenitsu	Tanjirou, please show up![Action: A drum is struck, and the room rotates.]Shouichi	Huh?Zenitsu	Th-The room… just flipped![Action: Zenitsu and Shouichi begin falling.]Zenitsu	Erk!Shouichi	Ahh…Zenitsu, ShouichiAhh!![Action: Zenitsu and Shouichi fall through several doors, ending up outside.][Scene: In the mansion. The room that Tanjirou fights in flips.]Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: The room is flipped several times in a row.]Tanjirou	Ah!Gah!(Thoughts) I can do it! I know I can do it! I’m a guy who gets things done![Action: Something in Tanjirou’s body creaks.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) Broken bones or not… No matter what… I can do it! I can fight![Action: Kyougai continues flipping the room around and sending attacks toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah!Ngh…(Thoughts) Show him how unstoppable you are! Broken bones or not![Action: Kyougai continues flipping the room, sending Tanjirou further away from him.]Tanjirou	Ngh! Ah! Gah! Ngh… Ah!(Thoughts) It’s no good! Nothing’s changed at all! Spirit alone isn’t gonna get me anywhere!(Thoughts) Your head… Use your head, not just spirit![Action: An attack races toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) Think! Think! Think![Action: Tanjirou lets go of the lantern he was holding before the attack hits and falls down.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou grabs onto the edge of the door.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Close call! I barely survived that one!Kyougai	Damn! This is so annoying! I gotta consume some rare blood![Action: Tanjirou flips himself up back into the room, but the room spins immediately, and he’s thrown to the floor again.]Tanjirou	Ugh… Ah!(Thoughts) There isn’t even time to stop and think![Action: Kyougai attacks Tanjirou again, but he dodges the attack.]Tanjirou	Hey, you! What’s your name?Kyougai	Ngh… Kyougai…Tanjirou	Kyougai! I’m not handing over Kiyoshi… the human with rare blood to you!I’m not gonna cave! I’m not giving up!Kyougai	Ngh…Man	(Flashback) Just give it up, will you?Kyougai	I’m going to get my hands on some rare blood and reclaim my place among the Twelve Kizuki![Action: Kyougai begins furiously striking his drums. Some attacks rip through a closet, sending sheets of paper flying.]Kyougai	Ngh… Grr… Grrr…[Scene: In the past. A man speaks down to Kyougai.]Man	(Flashback) Just give it up, will you? (Flashback) It’s so boring!(Flashback) Your writing is just so boring.(Flashback) Every last word is utter trash!(Flashback) No beauty, no fragility, no impact. Why don’t you forget about writing? It’s just a waste of paper and fountain pens!(Flashback) You never even step outside anymore these days. No wonder you’re so boring!(Flashback) You should just enjoy your hobby, playing the tsuzumi, as long as you’re shut in here.(Flashback) Not that you have the skills to teach that, either![Action: The man steps on Kyougai’s writings.]Kyougai	(Flashback) Ah…(Flashback) Ngh… Grr… Grrr… (Flashback) Grr…[Scene: In the present. Tanjirou fights Kyougai.]Kyougai	Ngh… Out of my sight! You damn insect!Rapid Drumming!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t tell me he can strike that tsuzumi even faster!Kyougai	Ngh…[Action: Kyougai strikes his drums quickly, sending Tanjirou tumbling through the room.]Kyougai	Grrr… Grrr…Tanjirou	Ahh! Ah… Ahhh!(Thoughts) The speed of these rotations is making me dizzy! This is bad! What an amazing skill!(Thoughts) Not only that, but now he’s got five claws instead of three![Action: Tanjirou dodges Kyougai’s attacks. He realizes that Kyougai’s writings are on the ground.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Ah… Ah![Action: Tanjirou lands carefully, making sure to avoid stepping on Kyougai’s writings.]Kyougai	Ah…Tanjirou	Ngh… (Thoughts) Got it.[Action: Kyougai sends more attacks toward Tanjirou, but he dodges.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) Because I dodged his blows without stepping on the papers, I now know how to move my body without aggravating my wounds and how to breathe![Action: Kyougai sends more attacks toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Take shallow breaths. Quickly!(Thoughts) Use that breathing technique to reinforce the muscles around your broken leg! (Thoughts) And right before the claw attack, there’s the scent of mold![Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Here it comes! The claw attack! (Thoughts) Above! Left! Right! Behind![Action: Tanjirou successfully dodges Kyougai’s attacks.]Kyougai	(Thoughts) Ngh… He’s evading all of my attacks!Ngh![Action: Tanjirou takes a deep breath.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Total Concentration… Water Breathing![Action: Tanjirou charges forward with an attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ninth Form, Splashing Water Flow, Turbulent!(Thoughts) Minimize the landing time and area as much as possible!Kyougai	(Thoughts) He’s adapting to the room’s orientation changes!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Go! Get in there! Within striking distance!(Thoughts) Forward! Get right up in his face![Action: The opening thread appears.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I see the Opening Thread!Kyougai!Kyougai	Ah…Tanjirou	Your Blood Demon Art was incredible!Kyougai	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou beheads Kyougai.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Kyougai	Ahh…Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou lands but feels a pain in his chest.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) Ah, ouch, ouch, ouch! I took a deep breath by mistake…[Action: Tanjirou falls to his knees.]Tanjirou	Ugh…(Thoughts) I’m the eldest son! The eldest son!Kyougai	Boy…Tanjirou	Ah…Kyougai	Answer me…You think my Blood Demon Art… was incredible?Tanjirou	It was amazing. But… I can’t forgive you for killing others.[Action: Kyougai’s head begins to disintegrate.]Kyougai	I see…Tanjirou	Oh, wait. I gotta get a blood sample.[Action: Tanjirou retrieves a blood sample from Kyougai’s body.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It extracted the blood… So it really does extract blood automatically if you stick it in there.(Thoughts) That Yushirou sure is skilled, creating something like this.[Action: A cat meows behind Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Oh?Ah! A cat?Oh, so you’re the one who’s going to deliver this to Miss Tamayo, huh? There, there. Thanks![Action: Tanjirou puts the blood sample in the cat’s pack.]Tanjirou	Now you’re all set. All right, take care now![Action: The cat runs forward a few steps and disappears.]Tanjirou	Ahh…(Thoughts) I was told that under Yushirou’s spell, it would be invisible until it meowed, and then vanish again when it meowed a second time. So it’s true, huh?Ah! Where are those two? I gotta search for them![Action: Tanjirou gets up to find Kiyoshi and Teruko.]Kyougai	(Thoughts) My… writing…Man	(Flashback) Your writing is just so boring. Every last word is utter trash! (Flashback) No beauty, no fragility, no impact.Kyougai	(Thoughts) It wasn’t trash at all… At the very least, not to that kid. He saw no fit to trample on it.Tanjirou	Rest in peace.Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou bows to Kyougai and leaves.]Kyougai	(Thoughts) Both my Blood Demon Art… and my tsuzumi playing… have been recognized.[Action: Kyougai’s body disintegrates.][Scene: In the Tsuzumi Mansion. Tanjirou searches for Kiyoshi and Teruko.]Tanjirou	Kiyoshi! Teruko! Kiyoshi! Teruko![Action: Tanjirou opens a door.]Tanjirou	Kiyoshi! Teruko![Action: Teruko throws a book at Tanjirou.]Teruko	Ahh!Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Kiyoshi throws a pot at Tanjirou.]Kiyoshi	Ahh!Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Another book strikes Tanjirou directly in the forehead.]Tanjirou	Gah!Teruko	Ah…Kiyoshi	Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Why are you throwing stuff at me?!Kiyoshi	We’re so sorry! The tsuzumi vanished, so we panicked.Tanjirou	I see… Well, I’m glad you’re safe.[Action: Teruko breaks down in tears. Tanjirou pats her head]Teruko	Ngh… Wahhh~! Ngh… Mmm…Tanjirou	You did a good job hanging in there. You, too, Kiyoshi.Kiyoshi	Yeah.Tanjirou	Come on, let’s head outside.Climb onto my back.[Action: Tanjirou, Kiyoshi, and Teruko walk out into the hallway toward the exit.]Tanjirou	Is your leg okay?Kiyoshi	Yes!Tanjirou	You just have to be brave a little longer.I’m picking up Zenitsu and Shouichi’s scents.They must be outside. Both of them are safe… Ah! (Thoughts) I smell blood!Kiyoshi	What’s wrong?Tanjirou	Nothing. Let’s hurry![Action: The trio races out of the mansion. Outside, Zenitsu protects Nezuko’s box as Inosuke kicks him.]Inosuke	Urahh!Zenitsu	Ngh!Inosuke	Move it!Zenitsu	Ugh!Inosuke	Take this!Zenitsu	Ngh!Inosuke	Draw your sword and fight me! You spineless punk!Tanjirou	Ahh…Shouichi	Ngh…Zenitsu	Tanjirou… I protected it.Because you said… this was more important to you than your life.[Scene: Sometime earlier, after Zenitsu and Shouichi are ejected from the mansion. Zenitsu lies on the ground, unconscious.]Zenitsu	(Narration) The thing is… I’ve always had really good hearing.(Narration) One time, I knew what people said while I was asleep, and that creeped everyone out.(Thoughts) I’m not hearing any more demon sounds… Tanjirou, you defeated that demon, didn’t you?(Thoughts) I can hear you guys, but also these weird-sounding, loud footsteps.Shouichi	… itsu! Zenitsu! Zenitsu![Action: Zenitsu wakes up.]Zenitsu	Ah… Ahh…Shouichi	Ahh, thank goodness! Are you all right?Zenitsu	Ah…Shouichi	When the room spun around, we got thrown outside. We fell from the second-story window.Zenitsu	Ah… Did we now?Shouichi	Yeah. You were protecting me, so I’m totally fine, but…Zenitsu	I’m glad to hear that.So, tell me, why all the tears?[Action: Zenitsu sees a bunch of blood on his hand.]Zenitsu	Hm?Now I get it!! I fell right onto my head, didn’t I?!Shouichi	Yes…Zenitsu	Am I gonna… Am I gonna die?!Ah, my head is starting to spin.Inosuke	Hahahaha!Shouichi	Erk…Zenitsu	What’s this? What’s this? What’s this?Inosuke	Comin’ through! Comin’ through![Action: Inosuke charges through the front door of the mansion.]Zenitsu	Ahhh!! There it is again! The monster boar!Inosuke	Hahahaha! I’m getting a demonic vibe.Zenitsu	Ah, it’s him! I was able to tell from his voice! He’s the fifth survivor!During the Final Selection, he was the first to rush up the mountain, and then he came down from the mountain before anyone else! Mr. Impatient![Action: Inosuke sees Nezuko’s box.]Inosuke	Hahahaha! Hey, found it![Action: Inosuke runs toward Nezuko’s box with his swords drawn.]Inosuke	Urah!Zenitsu	Cut it out![Action: Zenitsu shields Nezuko’s box.]Inosuke	Ah…Who the hell are you? Get out of the way!Zenitsu	I’m Zenitsu Agatsuma! I’m with the Demon Slayer Corps like you!Inosuke	Huh? Demon Slayer Corps? Then I shouldn’t have to tell you!We gotta get rid of that thing! Not get the hell out of my way!Zenitsu	I’m not moving! This is Tanjirou’s --Inosuke	Don’t argue with me!In that case, I’m gonna demolish him and the box together![Action: Inosuke points his sword at Zenitsu’s neck.]Inosuke	I said move it!Zenitsu	Ngh…Inosuke	Why, you…Zenitsu	Inside this box… Inside this box is something I’m not letting you touch! It’s something precious to Tanjirou!Inosuke	Oh, hey, come on! What are you talking about? There’s a demon inside that box! Don’t you get that?!Zenitsu	I’ve known that from the very start!(Thoughts) I knew he was travelling with a demon. Because the sounds demons manke aren’t anything like human sounds.(Thoughts) But… I can pick up a sound so gentle and kind from Tanjirou that it makes me want to cry. So kind, I don’t think I’ve ever heard anything like it before.(Thoughts) All living creatures constantly give off sounds. The world is full of all these sounds spilling out.(Thoughts) Breathing, heartbeats, the sound of blood circulating… By listening closely, I could tell what someone was thinking.(Thoughts) But I’ve been deceived by others time and time again. I’ve always believed in whomever I wanted to believe in.(Thoughts) Tanjirou, despite being a Demon Slayer, is travelling with a demon. But I’m sure he has a reason for that.(Thoughts) And that it’s a reason I can accept! I believe that! I…Inosuke	Huh?Zenitsu	… I’m going to ask Tanjirou directly myself! So you… can just back off![Action: Inosuke kicks Zenitsu multiple times.]Inosuke	Ngh!Zenitsu	Ugh!Inosuke	Ngh!Zenitsu	Gah!Inosuke	Grr!Zenitsu	Gah![Action: Zenitsu is knocked to the ground. Inosuke turns to Nezuko’s box, but before he can destroy it, Zenitsu tackles him.]Inosuke	Grr… Gah!Zenitsu	Ngh!Inosuke	Let go of me, dammit!Urah![Action: Inosuke throws Zenitsu to the side.]Zenitsu	Ugh…Inosuke	You’re so annoying!Ngh… Gah![Action: Inosuke lunges for Nezuko’s box, but Zenitsu grabs his leg and he falls to the ground.]Zenitsu	You’re not laying a finger on that!Inosuke	Urah![Action: Inosuke kicks Zenitsu, but Zenitsu continues to stop him.]Zenitsu	Ngh… That’s something… precious to Tanjirou![Action: Zenitsu throws Inosuke aside.]Inosuke	Gah![Action: Zenitsu holds onto Nezuko’s box.]Zenitsu	Ugh… Ngh…You’re not touching it until he gets back!Inosuke	Damn you…Ngh… Take this![Action: Inosuke begins kicking Zenitsu. Zenitsu bleeds.]Zenitsu	Gah…Inosuke	Urah!Zenitsu	Ugh!Inosuke	Ngh!Zenitsu	Gah…Inosuke	Grr!Zenitsu	Ngh…[Action: Inosuke draws his swords.]Inosuke	Move it!Zenitsu	I won’t![Action: Tanjirou, Kiyoshi, and Teruko exit the mansion to find Inosuke kicking Zenitsu.]Inosuke	Take this!Zenitsu	Ngh…Inosuke	Move it!Zenitsu	Ugh…Inosuke	Take this!Zenitsu	Ngh!Inosuke	Draw your sword and fight me! You spineless punk!Tanjirou	Ahh…Shouichi	Ngh…Zenitsu	Tanjirou… I protected it.Because you said… this was more important to you… than your life.Inosuke	After all that bluster, you won’t even draw your sword, you dumbass?If you’re a fellow Demon Slayer, then let’s see you fight![Action: Inosuke knocks Zenitsu to the ground.]Inosuke	Ngh!Zenitsu	Gah…Tanjirou	Ah!Inosuke	If you’re not gonna fight, get the hell out of my way![Action: Inosuke continues stomping on Zenitsu.]Inosuke	Take that!Zenitsu	Ngh!Inosuke	Ngh!Zenitsu	Urgh…Inosuke	Ngh!Zenitsu	Ngh…Inosuke	Urah!Zenitsu	Ngh…Inosuke	Move it!Zenitsu	Ngh…Inosuke	Grr!Zenitsu	Ngh…Inosuke	Ngh!Zenitsu	Urgh…Tanjirou	Grr…Inosuke	Ngh…Zenitsu	Ngh…Inosuke	Grr… Ngh!Zenitsu	Gah!Tanjirou	Ngh…Inosuke	Enough! If you won’t get out of my way, I’ll just have to skewer you along with that box!Zenitsu	Ngh…Tanjirou	Knock it off!Inosuke	Huh?Zenitsu	Ugh…[Action: Tanjirou charges at Inosuke.]Kiyoshi, TerukoNgh…Tanjirou	Knock it off!!Urahhh!!Demon Slayer S.1 E.14Title: The House with the Wisteria Family CrestCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Kiyoshi, Shoichi, Teruko, Hisa, doctor, kasugai crowJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: Outside the Tsuzumi Mansion. Inosuke kicks Zenitsu, who is protecting Nezuko’s box.]Inosuke	Take this! Move it! Take this!Draw your sword and fight me! You spineless punk!Tanjirou	Ah…Inosuke	Ngh![Action: Zenitsu is knocked to the ground.]Zenitsu	Gah!Inosuke	Enough! I’ll just have to skewer you along with that box!Zenitsu	Ngh…Tanjirou	Knock it off![Action: Tanjirou charges at Inosuke.]Kiyoshi, TerukoNgh…Tanjirou	Knock it off!! [Scene: Outside the Tsuzumi Mansion. Tanjirou charges at Inosuke.]Tanjirou	Knock it off!!Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	Urah!!Ngh![Action: Tanjirou delivers a strong punch to Inosuke’s abdomen. Two ribs break.]Inosuke	Gah…[Action: Inosuke is sent flying back.]Zenitsu	He broke his bones!Tanjirou	Aren’t you a member of the Demon Slayer Corps?!Don’t you get why Zenitsu refuses to draw his sword? It’s because it’s taboo for us to draw our swords on each other for no reason!But here you are, giving him a one-sided beatdown! Is that fun for you?! You’re the lowest of the low![Action: Inosuke coughs before chuckling.]Inosuke	Hahaha… Hahahaha… Oh, so that’s why? My bad.In that case, let’s fight barehanded.Tanjirou	No! I don’t think you get it at all! First…Inosuke	Urgh… Urahh![Action: Inosuke gets up and charges at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	We’re not supposed to fight each other, period![Action: Inosuke begins attacking Tanjirou with punches and kicks.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Fighting barehanded doesn’t make it all right!Listen to me!Inosuke	Grr! Ngh![Action: Inosuke grabs onto Tanjirou and begins twisting around him.]Tanjirou	Ah!Inosuke	Ngh![Action: Inosuke aims to kick Tanjirou, but he dodges the attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Inosuke	Ahh…Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Look at him… How can he move like that? I mean, Tanjirou just busted some of his ribs.[Action: Inosuke continues his attack on Tanjirou. Tanjirou tries to punch Inosuke, but he dodges backward. Inosuke rights himself so he’s face-to-face with Tanjirou.]Inosuke	Ahh…Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Inosuke punches Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Gah!Zenitsu	Actually, isn’t Tanjirou running afoul of the taboo himself? He did break his bones.Inosuke	Ngh![Action: Inosuke grabs Tanjirou and throws him to the ground.Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke continue their fight, exchanging blows with each other.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Th-This guy… His attacks are bizarrely low!(Thoughts) It’s just like… just like… battling a four-legged beast!(Thoughts) Target him low! Even lower than your opponent![Action: Tanjirou moves to kick Inosuke, but Inosuke dodges the attack and kicks Tanjirou over his head.]Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) The flexibility of his joints! It’s superhuman!Inosuke	Pretty amazing, aren’t I? Pretty amazing, aren’t I?! Zenitsu	(Thoughts) He said it twice! Singing his own praises… Inosuke	And look what else I can do![Action: Inosuke bends his body backward so his head is between his legs.]Inosuke	Hahahaha… Hahahaha!Tanjirou	Cut it out! Don’t do stuff like that!Knock it off when you’ve got busted bones! It’s gonna get worse!Inosuke	Worse? Fine by me![Action: Inosuke charges at Tanjirou again.]Inosuke	Nothing can top the pleasure of this moment!Tanjirou	You need to think hard about the future!Inosuke	What do I care?![Action: Tanjirou grabs Inosuke’s shoulders.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	You need to… calm down!![Action: Tanjirou smashes his forehead into Inosuke’s forehead.]Zenitsu	Ahh!! That sound! Are your skulls fractured?![Action: Inosuke staggers backward.]Inosuke	Ah… Urgh…[Action: Inosuke’s mask falls off.]Tanjirou	Ah…Zenitsu	Huh?Huh?! A Girl?! Huh? Ah… Your face!Inosuke	What the hell? You’ve got a problem with my face or something?Zenitsu	You’re one creepy guy, you know that? You’ve got such a ripped body, but there’s a girl’s face sitting on top of it.Inosuke	Why the hell are you staring at my face like that?Zenitsu	I-I’m not![Action: Zenitsu runs and hides behind Teruko.]Zenitsu	I’m not looking at your face!Kiyoshi, ShouichiAhh…Tanjirou	We don’t have a problem with your face! It’s quite petite, fair-skinned, and therefore attractive!Inosuke	You’re a corpse! Come at me!Tanjirou	Not happening! I’m not gonna attack you anymore!Inosuke	Try head-butting me one more time!Tanjirou	Nope, I’m done!Inosuke	I said do it! Come on!Tanjirou	You sit yourself down! Are you okay?!Inosuke	Hey, Big Forehead! Let me tell you my name.It’s Inosuke Hashibira! Don’t you forget it!Tanjirou	What characters do you use to spell that?!Inosuke	Spell?! Spell… I don’t know how to read or write!That name is written on my loincloth --[Action: Inosuke freezes.]Zenitsu	Huh? What’s wrong?Shouichi	He froze.Tanjirou	What’s the matter?Inosuke	Guh…[Action: Inosuke loses consciousness and falls.]Zenitsu	Ah! He collapsed!Is he dead?!Tanjirou	He’s not dead. It’s probably a concussion. Because I head-butted the hell out of him.Teruko	Are you okay, Tanjirou?Tanjirou	Yeah.Teruko	Amazing! Can I touch your head?Tanjirou	Here![Action: Tanjirou leans down, and Teruko touches his forehead.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Wha… That’s scary! Not a drop of blood from Tanjirou’s head. How hard is it anyway?(Thoughts) I mean, the wild boar is passed out.Teruko	Tanjirou, your head is so hard!Tanjirou	You think so?[Scene: Sometime later, outside the Tsuzumi Mansion. Inosuke rests on Tanjirou’s folded haori and is covered by Zenitsu’s haori. He eventually wakes up.]Inosuke	Ah…!Ahhh!! Ahhhh!![Action: Inosuke jumps up.]Zenitsu	Ahh!! He’s awake![Action: Inosuke chases Zenitsu around.]Inosuke	Fight me! Fight me!Hey, you!Zenitsu	This is how he is when he wakes up?! I hate that more than anything!Ahh!![Action: Zenitsu hides behind Teruko again.]Teruko	Ah… Ahh![Action: Inosuke stops in his tracks. Tanjirou, Kiyoshi, and Shouichi are burying a body.]Inosuke	Huh?What the hell are you guys doing?!Tanjirou	It’s a burial.Inosuke	Huh?!Tanjirou	You help you, too, Inosuke. There are still people who were killed inside the house.Inosuke	What’s the point of burying the corpses of creatures?I’m not doing that! I’m not helping out! Forget that! Fight me!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Man, he really is a loon. What does he mean, what’s the point?Tanjirou	I see. You can’t do it because your wounds are hurting you.Inosuke	What?Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Those two are beyond help! They’re both crazy!Tanjirou	No, that’s okay. After all, we all have a different pain threshold.Moving everyone who died outside that house, then burying them by covering them with dirt is a lot of work.Zenitsu and these kids and I will do our best, so don’t worry!Kiyoshi	(Thoughts) He’s so off. Shouichi (Thoughts) He’s so off. Inosuke	Ngh…Tanjirou	You should get some rest, Inosuke.Inosuke	Ngh…!Tanjirou	Sorry to ask so much of you.Inosuke	What?! Don’t underestimate me, dammit! I’ll bury a hundred, no, two hundred of your corpses!Just watch! I’m going to bury more than any one of you![Scene: Sometime later, in the late afternoon, outside the Tsuzumi Mansion. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, Kiyoshi, Shouichi, and Teruko pray over the dead bodies.]Inosuke	Urahhh!![Action: Inosuke headbutts a tree.]Inosuke	Gah!Teruko	What is that person doing?Kiyoshi	Better not look.Shouichi	Yeah.[Action: Tanjirou’s kasugai crow arrives.]Crow	Caw~! Caw~!Tanjirou	Ah…Zenitsu	Eek!Crow	Descend the mountain! Descend the mountain! Caw~!Shouichi	That crow is talking! Kiyoshi	Just don’t think anymore. Teruko	Okay.Crow	All right, follow me! Follow yours truly! Caw~! Caw~!Inosuke	Ngh! Huh?[Action: Tanjirou, Zenitsu, Kiyoshi, Shouichi, and Teruko prepare to descend the mountain.]Inosuke	Hey! Where are you going? Tanjirou	We’re descending the mountain. Inosuke	We’re not done with our battle yet!Tanjirou	You’re tired, aren’t you? Come on, we’re heading down.Inosuke	What?! I’m not tired!Let’s fight![Scene: At the base of the mountain. Tanjirou and Zenitsu prepare to split from Kiyoshi, Shouichi, and Teruko. Zenitsu clings to Shouichi.]Zenitsu	I won’t have it! I won’t have it, I won’t have it! You can’t go, Shouichi!You’re powerful, Shouichi! Shouichi is the one who’s gonna protect me!Tanjirou	Can’t you see Shouichi doesn’t want to stay?!Zenitsu	Please don’t leave me behind!Tanjirou	You stop that right now![Action: Tanjirou chops Zenitsu’s neck with his hand.]Zenitsu	Ah![Action: Zenitsu falls to the ground.]Zenitsu	Gah…[Action: Tanjirou’s kasugai crow flies to Kiyoshi.]Crow	Caw~! Hold out your hands!Kiyoshi	Ah…!Teruko	Ah…[Action: Kiyoshi holds out his hands. The kasugai crow spits out a sachet.]Kiyoshi	Huh?!Crow	That will ward off demons. You with rare blood, keep that on your person!Tanjirou	It smells like wisteria.Kiyoshi	Wisteria?Tanjirou	It’s a flower that demons can’t abide. You should hold onto that.Crow	Demon repellent! Demon repellent![Action: Kiyoshi, Shouichi, and Teruko split off.]Kiyoshi	We’re truly grateful! We can get home on our own.Tanjirou	Take care now!Crow	Now then, follow me! Follow yours truly! Caw~![Scene: On a rural path. Tanjirou and Inosuke follow the kasugai crow. Tanjirou carries an unconscious Zenitsu on his back.]Inosuke	Fight me! I swear I’m gonna find a weak point and bring you down, loser!Tanjirou	My name is not “loser”! It’s Tanjirou Kamado! Inosuke	Gonpachiro Kamaboko! I’m gonna bring you down! Tanjirou	Who the hell are you talking about?!Inosuke	That would be you! Tanjirou	No, it’s someone else! Zenitsu	Ahh!!Tanjirou	Ah!Zenitsu	Can you talk any louder?![Scene: At night, outside a manor with a wisteria crest. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke are gathered.]Tanjirou	A wisteria family crest…Crow	Caw~! Rest time! Rest time!Since you’ve sustained injuries, you’re to rest until you’re fully recovered!Tanjirou	Huh? You sure it’s okay to rest? I just fought a demon while injured, you know.Crow	Ke-ke-ke.Tanjirou	“Ke-ke-ke”?Inosuke	Let’s eat this thing.Crow	What?[Action: Hisa opens the gate to the manor.]Hisa	Yes?Tanjirou	Oh, sorry to bother you so late at night!Zenitsu	A monster! It’s a monster!Tanjirou	Hey, you!Inosuke	Who the hell are you?!Tanjirou	Gah…!Hisa	I see you’re a demon hunter.Inosuke	You look pretty weak!Tanjirou	Hey!!Hisa	Come in.[Action: Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke follow Hisa into the property grounds.]Zenitsu	That old lady sure walks fast! Hisa	This is where you’ll be staying. [Action: Hisa leads the trio into the manor.]Hisa	A change of clothes.And here is your meal.Zenitsu	She has to be a monster, Tanjirou! That old lady’s a monster!She’s so quick, it’s eerie! She’s a monster! A monster hag --[Action: Tanjirou smacks Zenitsu on the back of the head. The trio sits down for dinner. Inosuke eats at a rapid pace.]Zenitsu	Use your chopsticks…[Action: Inosuke steals Tanjirou’s food.]Zenitsu	Ah!Inosuke	Fufufufu…[Action: Inosuke smiles at Tanjirou and steals more of his food.]Inosuke	Fufufufu!Zenitsu	Ahh…[Action: Tanjirou picks up one of his bowls.]Tanjirou	If you’re that hungry, you can have this, too.Inosuke	What?Ahhh!!Tanjirou	Here.Inosuke	No!!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) He’s totally forgotten about the box! (Thoughts) Gimme a break, you thug! Moron! Eyelashes![Scene: Sometime later. Hisa has prepared bedding for the trio.]Hisa	Your bedding.Zenitsu	There she is! The monster hag --[Action: Tanjirou smacks Zenitsu again. Inosuke dives into his chosen futon.]Inosuke	First come, first served! I’m taking this one!Tanjirou	That’s fine. Sleep wherever you want.Where do you want to sleep, Zenitsu?Zenitsu	Umm…Inosuke	Ahhh!! Urah![Action: Inosuke throws his pillow at Zenitsu.]Zenitsu	Urk![Scene: Sometime later. Hisa arrives at the room with a doctor.]Hisa	Here is the doctor.Doctor	Hello.[Action: The doctor checks over Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke.]Doctor	Hmm… Hmm… Hmm… Yes. Severe![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke lie in bed.]Zenitsu	Who would’ve guessed that all three of us had broken ribs?Action: Inosuke uncovers the bump on his head.]Inosuke	This knot hurts more than my ribs.Tanjirou	Sorry.Zenitsu	Hey, you’d better apologize. It really hurt, you know. Getting pounded to a pulp like that.Say you’re sorry.Inosuke	I’ll pass.Zenitsu	Say you’re sorry!Inosuke	I’ll pass!Tanjirou	Just say you’re sorry!Zenitsu	If you’re gonna be like that, we’re not eating with you anymore.Inosuke	Huh? What’s up with that?Zenitsu	Meals always taste better when you eat together, you know.Tanjirou	He’s right about that.Inosuke	Did you guys hurt your heads or something?Zenitsu	Who are you to talk?!Hisa	Is there something I can help you with?Zenitsu	Ah! Monster!Tanjirou	Hey![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke lie in bed.]Tanjirou	According to the crow, this house with the wisteria family crest belongs to a family that was once rescued by demon hunters. That’s why they take care of people for free if they’re demon hunters.That’s what I was told, but I never thought they’d show us this much hospitality.Inosuke	Just how great is the Demon Slayers Corps?Tanjirou	Now that you mention it, Inosuke, why did you join the Corps?Inosuke	Huh?Zenitsu	You had some kind of reason, didn’t you?Inosuke	A member of the Demon Slayers Corps barged in on me on my mountain, so we competed to see who was stronger, and I seized his sword.Tanjirou, ZenitsuAhh…Zenitsu	(Thoughts) What an unfortunate soul.Inosuke	And then, I heard there was something called the “Final Selection”, and the fact that demons do exist.Tanjirou	So that’s why you joined the Demon Slayer Corps? And hey, so you and I both grew up in the mountains, huh?Inosuke	Don’t lump me in with you! I don’t have any parents or siblings!Testing my strength against other living creatures is my only pleasure!Tanjirou	Is that right? Is that right?[Action: Zenitsu sits up.]Zenitsu	Ngh… Tanjirou, no one else is asking, so I’m gonna ask myself. Why are you travelling with a demon?Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sits up.]Tanjirou	Zenitsu… You knew about that and still protected the box, huh?You really are a great guy, you know that? Thanks!Zenitsu	You…!You really shouldn’t heap so much praise on me! Fufufufu!Tanjirou	I’ve got a keen sense of smell. I knew it from the start. How kind you are, Zenitsu… and how strong…Zenitsu	No, I’m not strong. Don’t give me that. I haven’t forgiven you for stopping me from bringing Shouichi along.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Nezuko begins pounding on her box.]Zenitsu	Ah! Ah! Huh?!It’s trying to come out! It’s trying to come out!Tanjirou	It’s all right.Zenitsu	How can it be all right?! Huh?! Huh?!Tanjirou	Shush! It’s the middle of the night, Zenitsu!Inosuke	(Thoughts) Why won’t he take the bait? Even when I stole his food…(Thoughts) Come to think of it, why did he get mad a couple of times? (Thoughts) I forgot.[Action: The door to Nezuko’s box opens.]Zenitsu	Ahhh!! Oy my gosh! It’s not even locked?!Tanjirou	Shh!Zenitsu	P-P-Protect me! Someone please protect me! Even you’ll do, Inosuke!Inosuke	Stay away from me![Action: Inosuke kicks Zenitsu’s chin.]Zenitsu	Gah! Ugh…[Action: Zenitsu lands by Nezuko’s box. The door opens completely.]Zenitsu	Eek!It’s out!!I-I gotta hide! I’m so scared![Action: Nezuko emerges from her box.]Nezuko	Mm…Zenitsu	Huh?Tanjirou	Nezuko![Action: Nezuko grows to her normal size.]Zenitsu	Huh?Nezuko	Mm.Zenitsu	Gah…Inosuke	Huh?That’s too much thinking.[Action: Inosuke falls asleep.]Tanjirou	Zenitsu, Nezuko is my --Zenitsu	Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Huh?Zenitsu	You…Tanjirou	Z-Zenitsu?Zenitsu	You… Just who do you think you are?!Tanjirou	Huh?Zenitsu	So you’ve been travelling with a girl this cute?With a girl this cute in tow, day after day, you’ve been travelling, and you’ve been on cloud nine the whole time, huh?Tanjirou	Zenitsu, it’s not like --Zenitsu	Give me back all the blood I shed!!I… Listen, I… I didn’t give it my all just so you could spend time in la-la land, making out with a girl!That’s not why I got pummeled and kicked by that weird boar, right?!Tanjirou	Zenitsu, calm down! What’s gotten into you all of a sudden?Zenitsu	Demon Slayer Corps is not something you’d join for fun!Guys like you gotta be purged! Immediately!Come to think of it, there’s also the crime of thwarting my marriage and sending Shouichi home.[Action: Zenitsu unsheathes his sword.]Zenitsu	Purged immediately!Don’t ever underestimate the Corps!![Action: Zenitsu charges at Tanjirou.]Zenitsu	A guy like you! A guy like you!Tanjirou	Ahh!! Zenitsu, cut it out!Zenitsu	Mock the Demon Slayers Corps… and you’ll get sent to hell!!Tanjirou	Ahhh!!Zenitsu	You shall feel my wrath!Demon Slayer S.1 E.15Title: Mount NatagumoCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Murata, Rui, Spider Demon Mother (Mother), Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Shinobu Kochou, Giyuu Tomioka, Hisa, kasugai crow, doctor, other Demon Slayers (Slayer)Japanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At the manor with the wisteria family crest. Nezuko has appeared from her box.]Nezuko	Mm…Zenitsu	Gahhh…Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Hm?Zenitsu	You…Tanjirou	Huh?Zenitsu	The Demon Slayer Corps is not something you’d join for fun!Guys like you gotta be purged!Immediately! Don’t ever underestimate the Corps!![Scene: At dawn, at the manor with the wisteria crest. Nezuko emerges from her box.]Nezuko	Mm… Mmm… Mm…Zenitsu	Nezuko~!Nezuko	Mm…Zenitsu	Nezuko~!Nezuko	Mm?Zenitsu	Fufu… Fufufu… Hahaha…[Action: Zenitsu playfully chases Nezuko around the room.]Zenitsu	Nezuko~! Nezuko~![Action: Tanjirou blocks Zenitsu.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Zenitsu	Ah…Tanjirou	Zenitsu! Stop following her already!Zenitsu	Tan… ji… rou![Action: Zenitsu grabs Tanjirou’s hands.]Tanjirou	Huh?Zenitsu	Fufu…Tanjirou	Ahh!![Action: Zenitsu begins chasing both Tanjirou and Nezuko.]Zenitsu	Let’s be friends, Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Zenitsu! Don’t keep chasing us! I beg you!Zenitsu	Oh, don’t be like that, Tanjirou!Nezuko~! Tanjirou~!Tanjirou	Stop! Zenitsu!Zenitsu	Nezuko~! Tanjirou~![Action: Inosuke sits outside the room, and his stomach growls.]Inosuke	Man, I’m hungry…Hisa	Pardon me, sir.[Action: Hisa squats down with a change of clothes for Inosuke.]Hisa	Those clothes of yours are quite soiled, I see.I’ll clean them for you, so please wear these in the meantime. These are pleasant to the touch and quite comfortable.Inosuke	Ahh…Hisa	How does tempura for dinner sound? You know, something covered with batter and fried.Inosuke	Hoho…Zenitsu	Hey, wait up! Come back here, Nezuko![Action: Inosuke throws the doors to the room open.]Inosuke	Urahhh!!Tanjirou, ZenitsuAh!Inosuke	Urah![Action: Inosuke headbutts Tanjirou’s back.]Tanjirou	Ahh!Wh-What was that for?!Inosuke	Ahhh!!Tanjirou, ZenitsuHuh?[Action: Inosuke chases Tanjirou while Zenitsu chases both of them.]Tanjirou	Hold up, hold up! Stop chasing us, Inosuke!!Inosuke	Ahhh!!Zenitsu	Tanjirou![Scene: In the morning. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke meet with the doctor.]Doctor	You’re fully healed.Tanjirou	Ahh…[Action: Sometime later, a kasugai crow flies into the room and perches on Tanjirou’s hand.]Tanjirou	Ah…Crow	North-northeast! North-northeast! Your next mission is north-northeast!The three of you are to go to Mt. Natagumo! Head to Mt. Natagumo![Scene: Outside the manor with the wisteria crest. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke prepare to head out.]Tanjirou	We’re heading out now.Thank you for everything.Hisa	Now then, for good luck.Tanjirou	Thank you so much![Action: Tanjirou turns around. Hisa walks forward with a stone and grinder.]Inosuke	Huh?[Action: Hisa strikes the stone against the grinder a couple of times.]Inosuke	What do you think you’re doing, old hag?!Zenitsu	What are you, a moron?!Inosuke	Huh?!Zenitsu	She’s striking sparks for good luck! It’s a purification ceremony! Because we’re gonna go on a dangerous mission!Hisa	Always live your lives with great pride. I wish you luck in battle![Action: Tanjirou and Zenitsu bow, and the trio sets off.]Inosuke	Ngh…“Great pride”? “Luck in battle”? What does that mean?Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Jeez, this guy is totally clueless.Tanjirou	Well, yeah, now that you mention it, it’s kind of difficult to explain.“With great pride”… I guess it means that you know your place and that you behave properly so that you’re never ashamed of yourself.Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	And the old lady is also praying for our safety.Inosuke	So what is this “place”? What do you mean, “never ashamed”?Tanjirou	Well, it’s…Inosuke	What exactly does it mean to “behave properly”?Why in the hell would that old hag pray for our safety, anyway? She has nothing to do with us, so why?Tanjirou	Ahh…Inosuke	She has no clue what her own place is, does she?Tanjirou	Ngh… Hmph![Action: Tanjirou runs ahead faster.]Zenitsu, InosukeAh!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) He sped up!Inosuke	Ngh![Action: Inosuke also speeds up.]Inosuke	Urah! I won’t get beat!Zenitsu	Wait up![Scene: In the evening. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke arrive at the base of Mt. Natagumo.]Zenitsu	Hold up! Would you mind waiting a second?Tanjirou	Zenitsu? What’s wrong?Zenitsu	I’m scared, all right?! Now that we’re nearing our destination, I’m so scared!Inosuke	Why the hell is he sitting? How creepy is that?Zenitsu	Who are you to talk, Pig Face?!Don’t tell me you’re not getting any vibes from that mountain!Inosuke	Huh?[Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke turn to the mountain but sense nothing.]Tanjirou	Still, what good will it do to just sit there?Inosuke	I told you, he’s creepy.Zenitsu	I am not in any way creepy! I’m normal! I’m the normal one! You guys are abnormal!Tanjirou	Ah… Ah… Ngh…Zenitsu	What? What’s wrong? Hey…Tanjirou	What is this smell?Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou runs toward Mt. Natagumo.]Zenitsu	Tanjirou!Inosuke	Oh… Heh![Action: Inosuke follows after Tanjirou.]Zenitsu	Come on! Don’t leave me here by myself! Don’t leave me![Action: Zenitsu follows after Tanjirou and Inosuke. When they get closer to the mountain, they see a wounded Demon Slayer.]Tanjirou	Ah…Slayer	Ngh… Ugh… Ah… H-Help me.Tanjirou	He’s got our uniform on. He’s a Demon Slayer! Something must’ve happened![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke run toward the boy.]Zenitsu	Eek! Hold up!Tanjirou	Are you all right?! What happened?[Action: A series of strings attached to the Demon Slayer’s back pulls him into the air and away.]Slayer	Ah! Ahh!Tanjirou, InosukeAh…!Slayer	Ahh! They were attached to me, too! Help me!!Zenitsu	Urk…[Action: Tanjirou catches the smell of blood.]Tanjirou	I’m going.[Action: Inosuke pushes past Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah…Inosuke	I’ll go on ahead. You can follow me, shivering.This is making me hungry.Tanjirou	Inosuke…Zenitsu	Don’t you mean you’re hungry for a challenge?Inosuke	Haha!! Let’s go![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke run into the forest.]Zenitsu	Ah… Ah…[Scene: In the forest. Tanjirou and Inosuke run up a trail when Inosuke suddenly stops.]Inosuke	Ah…[Action: Spider webs appear on Inosuke’s hands.]Inosuke	Huh?What the hell is this?Tanjirou	Huh?A spider web?Inosuke	Jeez, this place is full of spider webs! What a pain!Tanjirou	You’re right.Inosuke?Inosuke	What do you want?!Tanjirou	Thanks.Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	You said you’d come with me, and I felt encouraged.Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	That twisted, ominous scent I was picking up from the mountain… It made me freeze a little. Thanks.Inosuke	Ah…Hisa	(Flashback) These are pleasant to the touch and quite comfortable.(Flashback) Always live your lives with great pride. I wish you luck in battle!Inosuke	Ahh…Tanjirou	Inosuke!Inosuke	Ah… Ah…[Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke see Murata in the distance.]Tanjirou	Let’s go.Inosuke	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke run toward Murata. Tanjirou reaches out for him.]Murata	Ngh… Ah… Ah!Tanjirou	We’ve come as backup. I’m Tanjirou Kamada, rank Mizunoto.Murata	Mizunoto… Mizunoto?!Why didn’t they send a Hashira?Tanjirou	Ah…Murata	No matter how many Mizunoto they send, it won’t help! It’s pointless!Inosuke	Urah![Action: Inosuke punches Murata in the face.]Murata	Gah!Tanjirou	Inosuke!!Inosuke	Shut up!Murata	Gah…Inosuke	As far as pointless goes, your existence itself has no point at all!Now, tell us what’s going on, you spineless fool!Murata	Who the hell is this guy?! Did you forget that I have seniority?!Th-The crow gave us the order! And ten of us Demon Slayers came here.Not long after we entered the mountain, the Slayers…[Action: In a flashback, a Demon Slayer draws his sword and attacks another Demon Slayer.]Murata	… the Slayers started killing each other!I… I…Inosuke	Ohh…[Scene: In a manor elsewhere. An exhausted kasugai crow sits on Kagaya’s lap.]Kagaya	You did well to return.So, most of my children have been slaughtered? We might find the Twelve Kizuki there, then.It seems I’ll have to send in some Hashiras. Giyuu. Shinobu.Shinobu	Heh…Tomioka, ShinobuAs you wish!Shinobu	If only humans and demons could get along. Don’t you agree, Tomioka?Tomioka	Impossible… as long as demons eat humans.[Scene: At the base of the mountain. Zenitsu sits alone.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) I wonder if they hate me.(Thoughts) Would you really leave your friend by the roadside? (Thoughts) Wouldn’t you talk him through it if you were friends?(Thoughts) If they both tried to talk me into going, I would’ve gone, okay? Sure I would. (Thoughts) But no, off they went on their merry way up that scary mountain.(Thoughts) Poor me, left alone here…[Action: Zenitsu’s sparrow calls up to him.]Zenitsu	Ah…[Action: The sparrow continues to chirp, saying, “Sulking isn’t going to do you any good. You have to go help your friends now.”]Zenitsu	Haa… Lucky you, you don’t have a care in the world. You don’t understand a thing about humans, do you?[Action: The sparrow angrily bites Zenitsu’s hand.]Zenitsu	Ouch, ouch, ouch!You’re not cute at all! I mean it! Not that side of you! Seriously, you’ve got zero charm!I mean, look how cute Nezuko is, and she’s a demon! But you’re a sparrow, and you’re so vicious!Hm?Ahhh!! He took Nezuko with him!![Action: Zenitsu races toward the mountain.]Zenitsu	Why did he have to take my precious Nezuko with him?! Damn Tanjirou!Don’t take a young girl into danger! Idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot! Nezuko!![Scene: Further up the mountain. Tanjirou, Inosuke, and Murata survey their surroundings. Tanjirou hears a strange sound.]Tanjirou	What is this sound?Inosuke	Ah…Murata	There it is again.Inosuke	Ah…Tanjirou	Huh?Murata	It’s this sound again! I heard this sound, and the next thing I knew, everyone started killing each other!Tanjirou	Ah… Where’s it coming from?Murata	Ngh… Ah!Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: A group of Demon Slayers hobbles toward the trio.]Inosuke	Ngh…Murata	Urgh…[Action: A Demon Slayer attacks.]Murata	Eek! Ngh![Action: Murata dodges the attacks. The Demon Slayer attacks Inosuke and Tanjirou, but they also dodge.]Tanjirou	Ah…Inosuke	Haha! These guys are all morons! They don’t know that it’s taboo for us Demon Slayers to fight each other!Tanjirou	No, that’s not it! They’re not moving normally! They’re being manipulated by something!Inosuke	All right…[Action: Inosuke unwraps a sword.]Inosuke	I’m gonna slash them to ribbons!Tanjirou	You can’t do that!They’re alive! Some of them are still alive! Besides, we can’t harm the corpses of our teammates![Action: The Demon Slayers continue attacking.]Inosuke	Ngh!Stop denying me at every turn!![Action: Inosuke headbutts Tanjirou’s stomach.]Tanjirou	Gah![Action: A Demon Slayer attacks Murata.]Murata	Ah! Ah… Ngh… Ahh…![Action: Another Demon Slayer comes up behind Murata, but Inosuke jumps on his back.]Inosuke	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ngh…Inosuke	Ngh… Urah![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke defeat the two Demon Slayers.]Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) A strange sweet scent from his back![Action: Tanjirou slices through the air above the Demon Slayer’s back, severing spider strings. The Demon Slayer falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	They’re threads! They’re being manipulated by threads! Slash the threads!Inosuke	Haah!All right! Urah![Action: Inosuke slashes through a bunch of strings. The other Demon Slayers collapse.]Inosuke	Ngh…I already knew that before you caught on!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Where’s the location of the demon controlling them?[Action: Tanjirou smells a terrible scent.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) What’s this? What an irritating odor! Though it was just for a second!Ah…[Action: Tanjirou looks down to his arm to find two small spiders crawling over it.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s this?[Action: Elsewhere in the forest, the Spider Demon Mother controls her spiders.]Mother	Fufufu…[Action: The Spider Demon Mother pulls the spider threads. Tanjirou’s arm is subsequently pulled.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou cuts the threads.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) Spiders! So, the spiders are attaching them to the puppet strings? That means…[Action: The fallen Demon Slayers are reanimated with spider strings.]Mother	Fufu… Fufufu! Now then, my sweet little dolls… Dance until your arms and legs fall off.Tanjirou	It’s not good enough to just cut the threads!Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	The spiders are just gonna stick more puppet strings onto them! So…[Action: The wind blows the stench toward Tanjirou again. Tanjirou covers his nose.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ngh… That acrid smell again! What is it, anyway? It’s being carried here by the wind![Action: Spiders crawl toward Tanjirou’s leg.]Tanjirou	Ah!Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou jumps out of the way of the spiders.]Inosuke	So, all we gotta do is kill those damn spiders, huh?Tanjirou	That would be impossible! Those spiders are tiny, and I’m sure there are tons of them!We gotta find the demon who’s controlling them!Inosuke	Oh![Action: Inosuke begins stabbing at the spiders on the ground.]Inosuke	Urahh! Urah! Urah!Tanjirou	It’s no good, Inosuke!Inosuke, if you have some kind of power that can pinpoint the demon’s location, then help me out!This weird smell has been flowing in, and my nose isn’t working great! Ngh… And also, um…Murata	It’s Murata!Tanjirou	Murata!Murata and I will find a way to deal with the people being controlled! Inosuke, you…[Action: Rui steps out onto a spider string suspended in the treeline.]Tanjirou	Ah…Rui	Don’t disturb my family’s peaceful life.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s floating! No, he’s standing on the threads!(Thoughts) What did he mean by “family”?Rui	Mother will kill you all right away.Tanjirou	Mother?Inosuke	Urahhh!!There! Urahh![Action: Inosuke jumps off the back of one of the Demon Slayers and launches himself toward Rui. HeInosuke	Haah![Action: Inosuke slashes at Rui but misses. Rui walks away.]Inosuke	Damn you!Where the hell do you think you’re going?! Fight me! Fight…![Action: Inosuke lands on his back.]Inosuke	Guh!Tanjirou	Inosuke!Inosuke	Why did he show up, anyway?Tanjirou	That kid probably isn’t the demon pulling the puppet strings! So first, let’s…Inosuke	Okay, okay, okay! I hear you, all right?!You want me to find where that demon is at, right? Shut up already, Forehead![Action: Inosuke sticks his swords into the ground.]Inosuke	Ngh… Beast Breathing, Seventh Form, Spacial Awareness!Grrr…[Action: Inosuke takes a deep breath. He feels his way through the forest, finding the location of the Spider Demon Mother.]Inosuke	Found it. There you are![Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Rui stands on a spider string.]Rui	I won’t let anyone get in our way.The five of us are going to live in bliss as a family. No one can break our bond.Demon Slayer S.1 E.16Title: Letting Someone Else Go FirstCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Murata, Rui, Spider Demon Mother (Mother), other Demon Slayers (Slayer)Japanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsuneko.net) Japanese transcribed by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) English transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Inosuke leaves his swords in the ground.] Inosuke	Ngh… Beast Breathing, Seventh Form. Spatial Awareness! [Action: Inosuke feels his way through the forest.]Tanjirou	Found it?Inosuke	Yeah! That way! I’m picking up a powerful vibe from over there!Tanjirou	You are? Way to go, Inosuke!Inosuke	Ahh…[Action: A Demon Slayer attacks Inosuke. He dodges.]Inosuke	Ah!Damn! We gotta take care of these guys or we’ll never get anywhere!Murata	Ngh…Tanjirou	Damn. Isn’t there… Isn’t there any way at all?[Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Zenitsu finally arrives, breathing very heavily.]Zenitsu	Ne… Ne… Nezu… Ne…Whe… Whe… Wh-Whe… Whe… Where are you?[Scene: Elsewhere in the forest of Mt. Natagumo. The controlled Demon Slayers block Tanjirou and Inosuke.]Inosuke	Ugh, dammit!What a pain in the ass! I’m just gonna demolish them all at once!Tanjirou	You can’t do that! Back off!There has to be a way! So let’s try not to hurt these --Ah…[Action: A controlled Demon Slayer charges at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Murata blocks the Demon Slayer’s attack.]Tanjirou	Murata?Murata	Leave these guys to me and go on ahead! Inosuke	What kind of talk is that, Mr. Pissed-My-Pants? Murata	I never pissed my pants, you stupid boar!Inosuke	Huh?!Murata	I wasn’t talking to you, so you can just shut up!Ah…! Ngh…[Action: The controlled Demon Slayer charges at Murata again. He blocks the attack.]Murata	I know that wasn’t my finest moment back there, but I’m a Demon Slayer, too! I’ll find a way to hold them off!Now I know I just need to slash the threads, and that these guys can only make the most elementary movements! I’ll watch out for the spiders, too.There has to be people under even more control closer to the demon! So you two go on!Tanjirou	Understood! We appreciate this!Let’s go, Inosuke![Action: Tanjirou pulls Inosuke along.]Inosuke	Oh… Hey!Hey! Let go of me, dammit! I wanna pound that guy’s face first! Who’s he calling “a stupid boar”?!Murata	Would you shut up?! Just drop it and get out of here!Inosuke	I’m so gonna punch you when I get back![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke continue further into the forest.]Inosuke	Dammit! I’m gonna punch that guy if it’s the last thing I do!Tanjirou	Stop talking like that!Inosuke	He called me “a stupid boar”, okay, Monjirou!Tanjirou	It’s “Tanjirou”!Anyway, we’re heading the right way, right?Inosuke	My senses never lie! But…[Action: Inosuke swats at a bunch of spider strings.]Inosuke	… what the hell are these annoying threads?!Tanjirou	That’s how close we’re getting to the demon![Action: More controlled Demon Slayers confront Tanjirou and Inosuke.]Inosuke	Huh?Here’s another bunch.Slayer	No… Don’t come any closer…Please summon someone of higher rank! Otherwise, everyone will get killed! Please… Please![Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. The Spider Demon Mother controls her puppets.]Mother	Fufufufu… I wonder if you can defeat them.The closer you get to me, the thicker and stronger these threads are, and the more powerful my dolls become.Rui	Mother…Mother	Ah… Ah!Rui	You can win, right?Mother	Rui…Rui	Don’t you think this is taking too much time?Mother	Ah… Ah…!Rui	You’d better hurry up or I’m gonna tell Father.Mother	I-I can do it! I can do it, all right?! I promise to protect you! So please, not your father!Don’t tell your father! Just not him!Rui	Then hurry it up.[Action: Rui walks away. The Spider Demon Mother trembles and breathes heavily.]Mother	Ah… Ahh…!Die! Die! Just die already! Or else there’ll be hell for me to pay![Scene: At Tanjirou and Inosuke’s location. The controlled Demon Slayer raises her sword in accordance with the Spider Demon Mother’s movements.]Slayer	Run!![Action: The Demon Slayer attacks Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) So fast!Slayer	I’m being controlled, so my movements aren’t my own at all!We were never this strong![Action: The strings on the Demon Slayer’s back are pulled tighter, and bones break.]Slayer	Ah… Ahh![Action: The Demon Slayer attacks Tanjirou again.]Slayer	Ahh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The demon is forcing her to move her body with the threads, so it doesn’t care if her bones get broken!Slayer	Ahh!!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) So cruel!Mother	Ngh… So stubborn. How about this?![Action: The Spider Demon Mother twists her hands, and a strange sound can be heard.]Tanjirou	This sound…![Action: More Demon Slayers are animated.]Slayer	P-Please kill me. My arms and legs… The bones are piercing my inner organs!Every time I’m forced to move, the pain is intense! I can’t take it anymore! Either way, I’ll die. So please help me!Tanjirou	Ahh…!Slayer	Please deliver the finishing blow!Inosuke	Sure, you got it!Tanjirou	Hold up --[Action: A Demon Slayer attacks Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Hold up, will you?! We gotta find a way to help him!Inosuke	Oh, shut up! You really need to shut up!Tanjirou	But…!Inosuke	He’s asking us to kill him, all right?![Action: Inosuke is knocked back by the Demon Slayer.]Inosuke	These guys are speedy, too. If we get caught napping, we’re gonna go down!Tanjirou	I know that! Let me think! Just hold up a second!(Thoughts) I don’t want to use any attacks. But even if we slash the threads, they’ll only get reattached!(Thoughts) To stop them from moving… I know! Ngh![Action: Tanjirou runs off.]Inosuke	Hey! Hey![Action: A Demon Slayer follows after Tanjirou.]Slayer	Ugh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Good! She’s following me!Inosuke	Hey, why are you running around in circles like that? Quit fooling around![Action: Tanjirou stops, turns, and tackles the Demon Slayer chasing him.]Slayer	Ugh…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Total Concentration![Action: Tanjirou throws the Demon Slayer back.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Inosuke	Ah…Slayer	(Thoughts) Unbelievable strength![Action: The Demon Slayer is suspended in the air.]Slayer	Ah…Tanjirou	All right! You’re all tangled up like I planned!Inosuke	Wha… What’s up with that?! I wanna do that, too!!Urahhh![Action: A Demon Slayer chases after Inosuke.]Inosuke	Hahaha! Hahahaha! Take this![Action: Inosuke tackles the Demon Slayer and throws him up into a tree.]Inosuke	Hahaha! Hahahaha!You see that?! I can do whatever you can do!Tanjirou	My bad! I kind of missed it!Inosuke	What?!Tanjirou	I mean, you can’t really blame me![Action: The Spider Demon Mother’s hand trembles.]Mother	Damn! They’re all such useless dolls!I have no choice but to unleash that doll, then.[Scene: Somewhere in the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Zenitsu sits at the base of a tree and sobs.]Zenitsu	Nezuko!Nezuko! Where are you?Nezuko… Tanjirou… Wild Boar… Chuntarou! Where did you all go? I’m sorry for everything, okay?[Action: Zenitsu’s sparrow lands on his head.]Zenitsu	Ah… Chuntarou?You mean you came after me?! You’re so adorable! Second only to Nezuko, but still! I’m sorry for everything! All right, let’s go look for Nezuko together![Scene: Further into the forest. Tanjirou and Inosuke are tangling the controlled Demon Slayers in the Spider Demon Mother’s spider strings.]Inosuke	Hahahaha! Just look at that!Check it out! I tossed up more than you!Tanjirou	Right! One more to go!Inosuke	Okay, I’m gonna do it one more time, so make sure you watch!Tanjirou	You got it! That’s okay! Just try not to be violent!Mother	I don’t need these fragile human dolls anymore! They’re useless! They’re useless![Action: The Spider Demon Mother moves her hand and breaks the neck of the Demon Slayer.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: The other Demon Slayers are also killed.]Inosuke	Ahh! Dammit! Now they’re all dead![Action: Tanjirou kneels down in front of a Demon Slayer. Inosuke feels a strong presence from him.]Inosuke	Ngh…Tanjirou	Let’s go.Inosuke	Yeah, good idea.[Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke continue for the Spider Demon Mother.]Inosuke	This way! I’m gonna catch up to ‘em soon!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Now that the wind has changed direction, my sense of smell is starting to come back!(Thoughts) I’ll be able to pinpoint the demon’s location! (Thoughts) There are two more scents! There!Inosuke!Inosuke	I detected that thing before you did! I’m gonna hack its head right off![Action: Inosuke launches himself forward.]Inosuke	Urahhh! Huh?![Action: Inosuke clashes with a headless puppet.]Inosuke	That thing… has no head![Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Zenitsu wanders around.]Zenitsu	Nezuko! Where are you?Where the hell are you, Tanjirou, Inosuke? Don’t leave me here all by myself in this terrifying forest![Action: A flock of bats fly away behind Zenitsu.]Zenitsu	Ahh!!What was that?You know what? This is starting to make me really mad.I’ll find Nezuko as soon as possible, and then it’s so long, scary forest! Nezuko![Scene: At Tanjirou and Inosuke’s location. The two boys face off against the headless puppet.]Inosuke	Ngh…That thing’s got no weak spots! I can’t slash something that’s not there! Ah… Ah!Tanjirou	Inosuke!Inosuke	What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?!Tanjirou	Calm down! We’ll inflict a monk’s robe cut on it!Let’s try slashing from the base of its neck on the right side to his left waist! It’s a lot to cover, and I’m sure it’s really tough, but I bet…Inosuke	Haha![Action: Inosuke launches forward.]Tanjirou	Hold up! In unison…![Action: The puppet lunges for Inosuke.]Inosuke	It’s fast! But…[Action: Inosuke dodges the puppet’s attack but is still cut.]Inosuke	… not so fast that I can’t dodge it![Action: A spider crawls on Inosuke’s arm.]Inosuke	Crap! I forgot about the spiders!Gah! Ah![Action: Inosuke is trapped in place by several spider threads.]Inosuke	I can’t move! I’m a dead man![Action: Tanjirou blocks the puppet’s attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: The puppet is knocked back. Tanjirou cuts the strings on Inosuke.]Inosuke	Ahhh…Tanjirou	Inosuke, let’s fight together! Let’s think together!Let’s work together so we can bring down this demon!Inosuke	Damn you!! Don’t make me any giddier than I already am!You’re in my way!Tanjirou	Inosuke, launch yourself off me![Action: Inosuke jumps on Nezuko’s box and slices off the puppet’s arms.]Inosuke	Urah!Tanjirou	Inosuke, jump![Action: Inosuke jumps up.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Total Concentration… Water Breathing! (Thoughts) Fourth Form… Striking Tide![Action: Tanjirou cuts off the puppet’s legs.]Tanjirou	Now for the monk’s robe cut!Inosuke	(Thoughts) Dammit, what the hell? This is annoying! It’s all going his way, huh? (Thoughts) It’s like this was preordained or something!(Thoughts) Flowing as naturally as the water from a river…(Thoughts) It’s not about going first for this guy. It’s the battle! It’s the overall flow that he’s watching![Action: Inosuke performs the monk’s robe cut, slicing through the puppet.]Mother	Ah…![Action: The puppet’s body begins to disintegrate.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Great! He cut it just right!All right! You defeated it, Inosuke! Huh? Inosuke?[Action: Inosuke tosses his sword aside and runs toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Huh?Inosuke	Anything you can do, I can do, too, dumbass!Okay!Ngh… Urgh… Uraaah![Action: Inosuke grabs Tanjirou and throws him into the air.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou sniffs.]Tanjirou	This scent… So that’s what this is about, huh, Inosuke?Mother	(Thoughts) They got me… They got me! Even though that doll was my fastest and strongest!(Thoughts) It’s Rui’s fault for coming to me with his threats! That’s why I panicked! I panicked! Panicked!Ah…![Action: The Spider Demon Mother looks up. Tanjirou flies at her.]Mother	(Thoughts) From above?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Water Breathing, First Form!Mother	(Thoughts) He’ll kill me! He’ll chop off my head! Think! You have to think! (Thoughts) Ahh… But… if I die, I’ll be released.[Action: The Spider Demon Mother releases her puppet strings and closes her eyes.]Mother	(Thoughts) And then, I’ll know peace.Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) Fifth Form… Blessed Rain After the Drought.[Action: Tanjirou beheads the Spider Demon Mother.]Mother	(Thoughts) This is… It feels like I’m being showered by a gentle rain. (Thoughts) It doesn’t hurt at all. It’s not agonizing. I just feel warm. (Thoughts) I never dreamed that my end would be this tranquil.(Thoughts) And now, I’ll be released.[Scene: In the past. The Spider Demon Father attacks the Spider Demon Mother.]Mother	(Flashback) Ahh! Ngh…(Flashback) I’m so sorry! I apologize, so please forgive me!(Flashback) What made you angry? What caused you such displeasure?Rui	(Flashback) It’s your own fault for not realizing what made him mad.Mother	(Flashback) But how could I?Brother	(Flashback) Fufu! Mom’s in trouble with Dad again! Fufu! Fufufufu![Action: The Spider Demon Father grabs the Spider Demon Mother’s hair.]Mother	(Flashback) Ahh!! (Flashback) Stop it! No… No![Scene: In the present. The Spider Demon Mother’s head begins to disintegrate. Tanjirou looks on sadly.]Mother	(Thoughts) Those eyes… Such kind eyes…(Thoughts) Back when I was a human, I think someone used to look at me with kind eyes.(Thoughts) I wonder who that was.(Thoughts) I can’t remember. It was someone who always treasured me. (Thoughts) I wonder how that person is doing now.There’s a member of the Twelve Kizuki here.Tanjirou	Ah…!Huh? Wait!Mother	Be careful…[Action: The Spider Demon Mother completely disappears.]Tanjirou	A member of the Twelve Kizuki is here… A genuine member of the Twelve Kizuki, here on this mountain!Demon Slayer S.1 E.17Title: You Must Master a Single ThingCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Jigoro Kuwajima, Kaigaku, Spider Demon Brother (Brother), Spider Demon Sister (Sister), Spider Demon Father (Father)Japanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsunekko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) English transcribed and organized by KiribanJapanese transcribed by DayfairiesDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Tanjirou has defeated the Spider Demon Mother.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The blood of the Twelve Kizuki should have a high degree of Kibutsuji’s blood.(Thoughts) If I can extract it, the medicine that will turn Nezuko back into a human can be completed sooner!Ah, hold on! Inosuke![Action: Tanjirou returns to Inosuke.]Inosuke	So did you defeat it?Tanjirou	Are you all right, Inosuke?Inosuke	I asked you whether you defeated that thing or not! Tanjirou	Uh, yeah, I did! But anyway, Inosuke, how are you feeling? Inosuke	Don’t go showering me with your sensitivity and kindness!You hear me? Got that? After all, anything you can do, I can do, too! Before you know it, my head will be harder than yours!Not to mention… Not to mention… Um…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s wounded severely. I couldn’t save our other friends, either…(Thoughts) That person gave off the scent of terror and suffering. Enough to make her yearn for death.[Action: Tanjirou wraps Inosuke’s arm in a bandage.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s the deal with this mountain anyway?(Thoughts) With one of the Twelve Kizuki present and a demon family living here…Inosuke	I’m totally fine!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) But… I thought demons never herded together![Scene: Elsewhere on the mountain. Zenitsu wanders around.]Zenitsu	Ouch!(Thoughts) Something just pricked me! What the hell? This is so annoying!I can’t find Tanjirou and Inosuke anywhere! This sucks! Where did they go?![Action: Zenitsu comes to a forked path.]Zenitsu	Which way?! And it stinks around here, too! Stinks!I think I’m gonna cry!And this sound of spiders rustling around is so creepy! I’m sure these spiders are doing their best to survive, too, but still![Action: Zenitsu hears a particularly loud spider crawling noise.]Zenitsu	Dammit! Shut up! Just stay still![Action: Zenitsu turns to see a human head attached to a spider body.]Zenitsu	Is this even possible?! [Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Zenitsu sprints through the forest.]Zenitsu	No!!That’s a spider with a human face! A spider with a human face! What’s up with that?! What’s up with that?!Please be a dream! Please be a dream! Please be a dream!If this can just be a dream, I promise to do my best! If I wake up to find myself resting my head on Nezuko’s lap, then I promise to give it all I have!I’ll even plow fields! I’ll be glad to plow a whole acre, no, even two acres! So, please! Let me wake up from this nightmare![Action: Zenitsu looks up.]Zenitsu	Ahh… Ah…![Action: Several Demon Slayers, alive and dead, hang from spider threads attached to a house.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) What the heck is that? What the heck is that? Are those humans who got turned into spiders?(Thoughts) Is that house floating? I can see a glimpse of something, but are those threads?(Thoughts) And it really stinks! Talk about pungent! This would kill Tanjirou with his keen sense of smell!(Thoughts) The smell is making my throat ache! I’m tearing up! My eyes hurt, too![Action: The house creaks.]Zenitsu	Eek![Action: The Spider Demon Brother emerges.]Brother	Heh!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) It’s huge!!(Thoughts) It’s huge! It’s huge! It’s so huge! That thing is too huge!Brother	Hehe.Zenitsu	You know what! I refuse to speak with anyone like you!Ahh!![Action: Zenitsu runs away from the Spider Demon Brother.]Brother	Fufu! It’s no use running away. You’re already losing.Zenitsu	What are you muttering about?! I don’t wanna hear it, so stop talking to me! I don’t like guys like you, all right?!Brother	You already know how dire your situation is, don’t you?Zenitsu	What are you talking about?!Brother	Take a look at your hands.Zenitsu	Huh?! My hands?!Brother	Fufufufu!Zenitsu	What’s wrong with my hands…?![Action: Zenitsu sees a red pustule surrounded by purple tissue on his hand.]Zenitsu	Ah…!What’s this?Brother	It’s poison.You got bitten by a spider, right? That poison will turn you into a spider, too. Fufu… Fufufufu!In another 30 minutes, you’ll be my slave, crawling all over the ground![Action: The Spider Demon Brother brings out a clock.]Brother	Fufufufu… Look at this. It’s a clock. Do you understand?By the time this long hand goes around once, you’ll have become a member of the spider clan!When the needle arrives here, you’ll start to feel tingling and pain in your limbs. When it’s here, you’ll also feel dizzy and nauseous!Here, you’ll experience intense pain, your body will start to shrink, and you’ll black out! And by the time you wake up… Fufufufu… Fufufufufu![Scene: At the Spider Demon Brother’s lair. The clock ticks down.]Zenitsu	Ahhh!!Huh?[Action: Human spiders crawl toward Zenitsu.]Zenitsu	Ahhhh!! Ahh!![Action: Zenitsu runs away from the human spiders.]Brother	Running away…Zenitsu	… is futile! Right, right, right! I know that, all right?! I know that![Action: Zenitsu climbs up into a tree.]Brother	Hahahaha! What do you think you’re doing?Zenitsu	Shut up! Just shut up!Brother	There’s no need to be afraid! Once the poison makes its rounds and you turn into a spider, you’ll lose all intelligence, too!Zenitsu	No! That’s just what I don’t like about this!Why can’t you understand that, huh?! I have no friends or girlfriend, all right?! No one will like me!Brother	Tsk! I can see that you want an extra dose of poison to turn into a spider faster.Zenitsu	Huh?Brother	Heh…Zenitsu	Eek!! No! No! I don’t want to turn into that![Scene: In the past. Zenitsu hides in a tree after training with Kuwajima.]Kuwajima	Get a hold of yourself!Stop crying! Stop running away! Doing that won’t get you anywhere, Zenitsu! Come down from there! We’re going to continue training!Zenitsu	Oh, no! I’m sure I’ll die if I do any more training! I’m sure that I’ll die, so…!Kuwajima	You won’t die! Not from this level of training!Come down from there, you little moron!Zenitsu	Gramps!Kuwajima	Call me “Master”! Zenitsu	But I love you, Gramps! Kuwajima	Mm…Zenitsu	When the girl I loved made me raise money so she could run off with another guy, you did rescue me from my mountain of debt!Well, maybe all you wanted was to train a swordsman!I want to live up to your expectations, too! But it’s totally beyond me! I do feel terrible about the fact that I’m like this!Just so you know, I’ve been training on my own in secret, too! I haven’t been getting any sleep!But I have absolutely nothing to show for it! What does this mean? I mean, really, what does this mean?![Action: The skies become cloudy.]Kuwajima	Calm down, Zenitsu! You do have the ability to…Zenitsu	I’ve had enough![Action: Lightning strikes the tree that Zenitsu is in.]Kuwajima	Zenitsu!![Scene: In the present, in the forest. Zenitsu hides in the tree.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) How tragic is my life anyway? I got hit by lightning.(Thoughts) My hair color changed. I was thankful just to be alive, but… I… I hate myself more than anyone else.(Thoughts) I always think I have to get my act together, but I end up cowering, running away, sniveling…(Thoughts) I want to change. I want to be a competent person.Even still! I’m doing everything I can, all right?! So why do I have to end up going bald and turning into a monster?!              It can’t be true, right?! It so can’t be true! Brother	(Thoughts) Huh? What’s up with this guy? [Action: The spider humans crawl up the tree.]Zenitsu	Eek!Oh, crap! Don’t climb up here! Just leave me alone for a minute! Just for a minute, all right?![Action: Zenitsu pulls out clumps of hair from his head.]Zenitsu	Ah… Huh?(Thoughts) My hair’s falling out already? My hair is falling out… (Thoughts) Hey, he never mentioned that part to me!Ngh…Brother	Heh!Zenitsu	Gah…![Action: Zenitsu loses consciousness.]Brother	What?(Thoughts) Who is this guy? Isn’t he a demon hunter who came here to kill our family? (Thoughts) Did he just faint? I can’t believe how spineless he is.[Action: Zenitsu falls from the tree.]Brother	(Thoughts) He’s gonna fall onto his head and die. What the hell?[Action: Zenitsu takes a deep breath.]Zenitsu	Thunder Breathing, First Form.[Action: Zenitsu launches himself toward the Spider Demon Brother.]Brother	Huh?[Action: The Spider Demon Brother spits poison at Zenitsu.]Brother	(Thoughts) Poison Sputum![Action: Zenitsu dodges the poison.]Brother	(Thoughts) Did he just twist his body in midair to dodge that?! Such quick reflexes! It’s like he’s a totally different person!Zenitsu	Thunder Breathing, First Form.Brother	Hey, you guys! Pounce on him![Action: The spider humans jump at Zenitsu. He dodges all of them.]Zenitsu	Thunder Breathing, First Form.Brother	Ngh![Action: The Spider Demon Brother spits poison at Zenitsu again. Zenitsu dodges.]Brother	(Thoughts) He’s been assuming the same stance over and over.(Thoughts) Hahaha! No question about it. This guy… is only capable of one attack![Scene: In Zenitsu’s subconscious, in a dream. Kuwajima consoles Zenitsu.]Kuwajima	(Flashback) That’s all right, Zenitsu. That’s good enough for you. (Flashback) If you can master one, that’s cause for celebration! (Flashback) If you can only do one thing, hone it to perfection.(Flashback) Hone it to the utmost limit!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Hey, but Gramps… Just a little while ago, you were hopping mad. Because Thunder Breathing has six forms, and all I can manage to do is one.Kuwajima	(Flashback) Do you know how to forge a sword?[Action: Kuwajima knocks Zenitsu playfully on the head.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) I have no idea.(Thoughts) Will you keep hitting me? I think I’ll cry.Kuwajima	(Flashback) The thing about swords… You strike and strike and strike to get rid of impurities and anything you don’t need, and to increase the purity of the blade, so a durable sword can be forged.Zenitsu	(Thoughts) So that’s why you keep clobbering me day in, day out? (Thoughts) But I’m not made of steel, am I? I’m living flesh, you know.[Scene: In the present. Zenitsu assumes his stance.]Brother	(Thoughts) Hehehe! You’re not much of a threat, are you? You call yourself a demon hunter?(Thoughts) Any minute now, you’ll be rendered immobile by that poison.Kuwajima	(Flashback) Zenitsu, perfect it!(Flashback) It’s all right to cry. It’s all right to run away! Just don’t ever give up!(Flashback) Just believe. You endured all that hellish training! You’ll be rewarded for that without fail!(Flashback) Hone it to the utmost limit! Become the most durable blade of all![Action: The Spider Demon Brother spits poison at Zenitsu.]Kuwajima	(Flashback) Hone that one thing to perfection![Scene: In Zenitsu’s subconscious, in a dream. Kaigaku admonishes Zenitsu.]Kaigaku	(Flashback) Get out of my sight.Zenitsu	(Flashback) Huh?[Action: Kaigaku takes a bite out of a peach.]Kaigaku	(Flashback) Don’t make me repeat myself. Get out of my sight. (Flashback) You know what I’m talking about.(Flashback) Aren’t you ashamed of crying like a baby all day long?Zenitsu	(Flashback) Ngh…Kaigaku	(Flashback) Tsk. You laggard… Any time spent on you is wasted. (Flashback) Sensei is an extraordinary man.Zenitsu	(Flashback) But Gramps said --[Action: Kaigaku throws the peach at Zenitsu’s head.]Zenitsu	(Flashback) Ah…Kaigaku	(Flashback) “Gramps”? Don’t speak of him in that familiar way!(Flashback) Sensei is a former Hashira! Someone who earned the highest title in the Demon Slayer Corps!(Flashback) Almost no one ever gets the chance to be trained by a former Hashira! The time Sensei spends training you is all for nothing!(Flashback) You’re an eyesore, okay?! Get out of my sight! (Flashback) Why are you here? Why do you insist on clinging here?![Scene: In the present. Zenitsu recounts his time with Kuwajima.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) I have no parents, so no one has any hopes for me. There’s no one who dreams that I’ll grasp or accomplish something one day.(Thoughts) That I’ll prove myself useful to somebody. That I’ll manage to protect somebody and make that person happy, just once in my life.(Thoughts) Not even a simple future like that. There’s no one who hopes that I’ll have one.(Thoughts) If you fail, cry, and run away even once, they say, “Oh, this guy’s no good,” and they walk away.(Thoughts) But not Gramps! Time and time again, he steadfastly reprimanded me.(Thoughts) All those times I kept running away… Time and time again… he’d drag me back. Clearly, he did smack me around a bit too much. But he never abandoned me.Brother	Pierce him! Inject him with more poison![Action: The spider humans try to inject Zenitsu with more poison, but he dodges. Zenitsu coughs up blood when he lands. The spider humans swarm him.]Brother	Hahahaha! That should do it for him![Action: Thunder erupts from Zenitsu, sending the spider humans flying.]Brother	Huh?(Thoughts) What’s this? The air is vibrating.Zenitsu	Ngh!Brother	Ah!Zenitsu	Thunder Breathing, First Form… Thunderclap Flash!Brother	Ah!Zenitsu	Sixfold!Brother	Ngh…![Action: The Spider Demon Brother jumps back and shoots poison at Zenitsu. Zenitsu dodges.]Brother	Ah… He vanished?![Action: Zenitsu launches himself off the trees. The Spider Demon Brother retreats into the house, but Zenitsu launches himself toward him.]Brother	Huh?![Action: Zenitsu launches himself into the house, beheading the Spider Demon Brother.]Brother	Ah… Ngh…!(Thoughts) Did I get slashed? Me? Slashed? By him?! By a guy like him?[Action: Zenitsu falls on the roof of the house. The Spider Demon Brother falls to the ground.]Brother	Ahh! But that’s absurd! By a guy who can barely move his arms and legs?![Action: The Spider Demon Brother disintegrates. His clock breaks.]Zenitsu	Gah…(Thoughts) A dream… It’s a happy dream.(Thoughts) I’m powerful, more powerful than anyone. I can help the weak and anyone in trouble. Anytime.(Thoughts) Everything that Gramps taught me, all the time he spent on me… It wasn’t for nothing!(Thoughts) A dream that, thanks to Gramps, I became powerful and helped out a lot of people.(Thoughts) But now, it’s all over![Action: Zenitsu’s sparrow lands beside him.]Zenitsu	Chuntarou… I’m so sorry.[Action: Zenitsu’s sparrow flies off.]Kuwajima	(Flashback) Don’t ever give up![Action: Zenitsu takes a deep breath.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Don’t ever give up. Use the breathing technique to slow down the poison as much as you can.(Thoughts) Even if it’s painful, even if it’s agonizing, don’t try to take the easy way out, or Gramps is gonna let you have it!(Thoughts) Right. And Tanjirou’s gonna yell at you, too.[Action: Zenitsu’s eyes close.][Scene: In the forest, near a river. Tanjirou hears the sound of thunder.]Tanjirou	What was that sound? Did lightning just strike?Inosuke	How should I know?Tanjirou	I’m not smelling any thunderclouds, but… the acrid odor in the air is stronger now, so I can’t tell.Inosuke!Inosuke	Huh?!Tanjirou	I think I’ll go that way.Inosuke	Go ahead and do whatever you want!Tanjirou	Are you descending, Inosuke?Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	Are you going down the mountain?Inosuke	Why would I?! Just beat it!Tanjirou	No, no, because you’re severely wounded.Inosuke	I am not wounded at all!Tanjirou	What?!N-N-No, Inosuke! Your injuries… Anyone can see that…[Action: The Spider Demon Sister arrives.]Tanjirou, InosukeAh…Sister	Ah…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) A demon! Because of the odor wafting all over this mountain, I couldn’t pick it up at all!Inosuke	All right! I’m gonna tear you to shreds, you damn demon!Sister	Ngh…[Action: The Spider Demon Sister runs off.]Inosuke	Come back here, dammit![Action: Inosuke runs after the Spider Demon Sister.]Tanjirou	Inosuke!Sister	Father!Inosuke	Who are you calling “father”?![Action: The Spider Demon Father appears from the sky.]Tanjirou	Inosuke!Father	Urahhh![Action: The Spider Demon Father smashes his fists into the ground. Inosuke jumps back.]Father	Urahh!Tanjirou	Ngh…!Father	Don’t come near my family![Action: The Spider Demon Father tries to punch Inosuke. Inosuke dodges.]Sister	I’m leaving the rest to you, Father.[Action: The Spider Demon Sister leaves.]Inosuke	Ahh…Father	Urahh!!Tanjirou	Water Breathing, Second Form! Water Wheel![Action: Tanjirou attacks at the Spider Demon Father's arm.]Father	Ngh…!Tanjirou	Urahhh!!Demon Slayer S.1 E.18Title: A Forged BondCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Giyuu Tomioka, Shinobu Kochou, Jigoro Kuwajima, Rui, Spider Demon Sister (Sister), Spider Demon Father (Father), Inosuke’s mother, other Demon Slayer (Slayer)Japanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsunekko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Japanese transcribed by DayfairiesEnglish transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Tomioka and Shinobu stand among the dead Demon Slayers.]Shinobu	Were you acquainted with any of them?There don’t seem to be any survivors around here.We were advised that several rookie Mizunoto had joined the battle, but they might be dead by now, don’t you think?Tomioka	Let’s go.[Action: Tomioka and Shinobu continue further into the forest.]Shinobu	Isn’t the moon lovely?Since we’ve been given this joint mission, let’s try to get along.Tomioka	I’m only here to slay some demons.Shinobu	How callous of you!All right, then, let’s split up here. I shall proceed from the west.Tomioka	Agreed.[Scene: Further into the forest. The Spider Demon Father attacks Inosuke.]Father	Urahhh!Inosuke	Ugh…Father	Don’t come near my family![Action: The Spider Demon Father attacks Inosuke again. Inosuke is blown back, and the Spider Demon Father attacks again.]Inosuke	Ah…!Father	Urahhh!Tanjirou	Water Breathing, Second Form! Water Wheel![Action: Tanjirou attacks the Spider Demon Father’s arm.]Tanjirou	Urahhh!![Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Tanjirou’s sword is stuck in the Spider Demon Father’s arm.]Father	Urahh…Tanjirou	It’s no good! The blade won’t go through!Father	Urahh… Urah![Action: The Spider Demon Father aims a punch at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Inosuke	Urah![Action: Inosuke slices down on the Spider Demon Father’s other arm.]Inosuke	S-So hard!Father	Urahhh!![Action: The Spider Demon Father sends Tanjirou and Inosuke flying.]Tanjirou	I can’t slash him even if I use an attack! What should I do? What should I do?!Father	Urahh… Don’t come near my family![Action: The Spider Demon Father aims a punch at Tanjirou. Tanjirou dodges.]Father	Urahhh!Inosuke	What are you looking at? I’m over here!Curse you![Action: Inosuke attacks from the air, but the Spider Demon Father punches him back.]Inosuke	Urk!Ouch! All that force with just one swipe of its arm!It’s not good. I’m not at full power! Not to mention, the bleeding is making me stumble![Action: The Spider Demon Father charges at Inosuke again.]Father	Urahh!Inosuke	Dammit![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke run away from the Spider Demon Father.]Tanjirou	Water Breathing, Second Form, Improved… Lateral Water Wheel![Action: Tanjirou cuts down a tree.]Inosuke	Ahh![Action: The tree falls on the Spider Demon Father.]Father	Ahhh!Inosuke	What was that? What’s going on?Tanjirou	Inosuke! Are you okay?!Inosuke	Ah…(Thoughts) He did that? That was some move, dammit![Action: The Spider Demon Father is trapped underwater.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) All right! I should be able to chop off that tough neck now! (Thoughts) Water Breathing… The final and most powerful form![Action: Tanjirou takes a deep breath.]Inosuke	Ah…(Thoughts) He’s got a different air about him now. He’s about to do something totally mind-blowing!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Now to finish him off!(Thoughts) Total Concentration… Water Breathing! Tenth Form![Action: Tanjirou jumps to deal the final blow, but the Spider Demon Father emerges from the water.]Father	Urahhh!Tanjirou	Ngh…![Action: Tanjirou’s attack lands on the tree.]Father	Urahh!Tanjirou	Ngh…!Inosuke	L-Look out!Father	Urahh![Action: The Spider Demon Father swings the tree, sending Tanjirou flying.]Tanjirou	Ahh!Inosuke	Kentarou!Tanjirou	I-Inosuke! Don’t die until I get back!That’s one of the Twelve Kizuki! Don’t die! Don’t die! Whatever you do, don’t die!Inosuke	Ah…[Action: The Spider Demon Father looms over Inosuke.]Inosuke	Ah…!Father	Urahhh!!Inosuke	Oh, crap![Scene: At Zenitsu’s location. Zenitsu continues breathing steadily.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) It’s getting really hard to breathe now. I have no feeling in my arms and legs anymore.(Thoughts) Nezuko… I’m sorry.[Action: Zenitsu closes his eyes.]Kuwajima	(Flashback) Don’t give up! Don’t give up! Don’t give up!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Don’t… give up![Action: Zenitsu opens his eyes. Shinobu lands at Zenitsu’s side.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Who are you?Shinobu	Yoo-hoo! Are you all right?[Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Tanjirou is flying through the air.]Tanjirou	Water Breathing, Second Form! Water Wheel![Action: Tanjirou performs his attack, slowing his fall. He smacks into a tree.]Tanjirou	Ngh… I managed to land somehow!Sister	Ahh!!Tanjirou	Ah…!Sister	I beg of you! Please stop! Ah! Ah…[Action: Tanjirou moves closer to the commotion. The Spider Demon Sister bleeds as Rui stands over her.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Rui	What are you looking at? This isn’t some show, you know.Tanjirou	Ah…!Wh-What are you doing? Aren’t you two allies?Rui	Allies? Don’t put us in the same category as something that flimsy.We’re family. We’re joined by a powerful bond.And besides, this is between me and my sister. Don’t interfere… or I’ll carve you up.Tanjirou	Ah…!You’re wrong. Whether it’s your family or an ally, if you have a strong bond between you, then either one should be just as precious!Calling it flimsy if you’re not related by blood… That’s not true at all!Not only that, but those who have a strong bond give off the scent of trust! But all I’m picking up from you two is the scent of terror, hatred, and repulsion!That’s not what you call a bond! It’s counterfeit! It’s forged!Sister	Ah…!Rui	Ah…Tanjirou	Ngh…!Rui	You…[Action: A Demon Slayer wanders upon the scene.]Slayer	Hey, look at that. A demon that’s just the right size.Even I can take down a kid demon like this one.Tanjirou	Hold up a second, please!Slayer	You can just back off!I want to take the safe route up the ladder. Once you move up, you get more money from the top guys.My unit’s practically been wiped out, but I’ll slay myself a decent-sized demon and head down the mountain.Take this![Action: The Demon Slayer runs toward Rui.]Tanjirou	Don’t do it! Stop![Action: Rui flicks his hand back. Spider threads attached to his fingers slice through the Demon Slayer.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Shattered to pieces in an instant! But how did he…!Rui	Hey, what did you say?Tanjirou	Ah…! Ngh…Rui	Look, you… What was it you just said?Tanjirou	Ngh…!(Thoughts) Just look at that intimidation factor! The air just got heavy and denser!(Thoughts) Inosuke, I’m sorry! Hang in there, okay? Just a little longer! I’ll be there as soon as I defeat this demon!(Thoughts) I’ll come save you, no matter what!Rui	Hey, you… What you said just now… Let’s hear you say it again.Come on. Say it, will you?Tanjirou	Sure! I’ll repeat it as many times as you want!Your bond is forged![Scene: At Inosuke’s location. Inosuke breathes heavily as he hides behind a tree. The Spider Demon Father searches for him and finds the trail of blood leading to Inosuke’s hiding spot.]Father	Urahh!Inosuke	(Thoughts) O-Oh, crap![Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo, at Inosuke’s location. The Spider Demon Father stomps toward Inosuke.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) Dammit! Hiding myself in a place like this… How pathetic is that?(Thoughts) Still, I gotta come up with a way. How do you slash someone who’s sword- proof?(Thoughts) What should I do? What should I do? Just how do I slash it?! (Thoughts) Think! Think! Think! Think --[Action: The Spider Demon Father punches through the tree.]Father	Urahh!Inosuke	Woah![Action: Inosuke continues running.]Inosuke	This is bad! This is really bad!Until… Until he gets back, I gotta somehow…! What the hell kind of attitude is that?![Action: Inosuke turns and charges toward the Spider Demon Father.]Inosuke	Don’t mess around, dammit! Urahh!Urahhh![Action: Inosuke jumps up and slices into the Spider Demon Father’s arm and begins striking one sword with the other.]Inosuke	Curse you!Looks like I got infected by Tontarou’s germs!Messing around like that… That was way too close a call! Using my head? That’s so not me![Action: Inosuke slices through one of the Spider Demon Father’s arms completely.]Father	Urahhh!!Inosuke	All right! Slashed you!It’s really simple. If you can’t slash something with one sword, all you gotta do is pound it with another sword!I mean, look! I have two swords! Hahahaha! I’m the almighty!Father	Ngh![Action: The Spider Demon Father runs away.]Inosuke	Huh?[Action: Inosuke chases after the Spider Demon Father.]Inosuke	Are you running away from me?!Hey, you! Come back here, dammit![Scene: At Tanjirou’s location. Tanjirou faces off against Rui. Tanjirou has gotten cut several times and is breathing heavily.]Rui	I just want to let you know… I won’t kill you in one blow.After ripping you to shreds, I’ll carve you up.But… if you take back what you said just now, I’ll do you a favor and kill you at once.Tanjirou	I won’t take it back! What I said was the truth!The one who’s not making sense is you!Sister	Ahh…Tanjirou	You’re the one who’s mistaken![Scene: At Inosuke’s location. Inosuke continues chasing after the Spider Demon Father.]Inosuke	Damn! That bastard… Where the hell did he go, dammit?!Gah…![Action: Inosuke doubles over.]Inosuke	I’m telling ya, this doesn’t hurt! What doesn’t hurt doesn’t hurt![Action: Inosuke stands back up.]Inosuke	Now that it’s come to this, I’ll sniff it out for sure![Action: Inosuke concentrates.]Inosuke	Agh… Ngh… Ngh…!Ah… So, there you are![Action: The Spider Demon Father hides in a tree.]Father	Urahh…Inosuke	You idiot piece of crap! How high did you climb up?!Damn you! So you’re plotting to make me use my head again, huh? In your dreams!Father	Urahhh…[Action: The Spider Demon Father’s body clenches.]Inosuke	What the…Oh, I get it! He’s trembling with fear and dread at the sight of me, huh?Hahahaha! Well, it’s a little too late for that!Father	Urahhh…[Action: The Spider Demon Father begins to transform.]Inosuke	What the… Now what?D-Did it just shed its skin?!Father	Urah![Action: The Spider Demon Father jumps down and looms above Inosuke.]Father	Urahhh…Inosuke	(Thoughts) Jeez. Come on, that’s bulking up way too much!(Thoughts) This is looking really bad for me. I’ve never sensed this much force from an opponent before!(Thoughts) I’ll get crushed just by his force!Father	Urahhh!Inosuke	(Thoughts) Ngh… It’s no good. I can’t win.[Action: Inosuke’s arms fall to his sides. The Spider Demon Father prepares to attack.]Father	Urahh…Inosuke	(Thoughts) I’m gonna die.(Thoughts) I’m gonna be killed.Tanjirou	(Flashback) Don’t die!Inosuke	Huh…?Tanjirou	(Flashback) Don’t die until I get back!Hisa	(Flashback) Always live your lives with great pride. I wish you luck in battle!Inosuke	Ngh…!I’m not gonna lose… No way am I gonna lose!I’m Inosuke Hashibira of the Demon Slayer Corps! Just bring it on, you dirtbag!Father	Urah![Action: The Spider Demon Father sends Inosuke flying.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) So fast! I can’t see it![Action: Inosuke lands against a tree. The Spider Demon Father punches again.]Father	Urah!Inosuke	Ah![Action: Inosuke jumps up above the Spider Demon Father's head.]Inosuke	Beast Breathing… Fang Three. Devour![Action: Inosuke attacks the Spider Demon Father, but his swords break.]Inosuke	It snapped!Father	Urah![Action: The Spider Demon Father punches Inosuke into a tree. Inosuke falls to the ground.]Inosuke	Ugh…!(Thoughts) Oh, crap! I failed to go on the defensive with my breath attack!Father	Ngh…[Action: The Spider Demon Father picks Inosuke up by the head.]Father	Don’t come near my family![Action: The Spider Demon Father begins to squeeze Inosuke’s head.]Inosuke	I’m not gonna die!(Thoughts) Beast Breathing, Fang One… Take this! Pierce![Action: Inosuke stabs his swords into the Spider Demon Father’s throat.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) They’re in! They’re in, but… what the hell? This thing isn’t even flinching![Action: The Spider Demon Father lifts Inosuke further away and begins to squeeze harder.]Inosuke	Ngh…! Ahh…![Action: Inosuke has flashbacks of his mother.]Ino.Mother	(Flashback) I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Inosuke. (Flashback) I want at least you to survive, Inosuke.Inosuke	(Thoughts) Wh-Who are you?Gah…[Action: Blood pours from Inosuke’s boar head. Tomioka sprints at the Spider Demon Father and slices through his arm cleanly.]Father	Urahh!Inosuke	Guh…(Thoughts) Wh-What was that? (Thoughts) Did he slash it? That guy?(Thoughts) Wh-Who is that? Who on earth…Father	Urahhh…!Urahh![Action: The Spider Demon Father regrows his arm in an instant and attacks Tomioka.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) He’s fast!Tomioka	(Thoughts) Water Breathing, Fourth Form… Striking Tide![Action: Tomioka attacks, beheading the Spider Demon Father instantly.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) H-Holy crap!(Thoughts) I-I’ve never seen anyone… as incredible as this guy![Scene: At Tanjirou’s location. Tanjirou and Rui continue to face off.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Got it! The acrid odor is starting to fade, so now I can detect the scent of the threads!(Thoughts) I can take him on now!Rui	(Thoughts) Hmph… He’s smarter than I thought. He doesn’t flinch back in fear. (Thoughts) Well, not that it matters anyway.[Action: Tanjirou launches toward Rui. Rui whips a spider thread at him.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Water Breathing, First Form! Water Surface Slash![Action: Tanjirou slices at Rui’s spider thread, but his sword breaks.]Tanjirou	Huh…?Demon Slayer S.1 E.19Title: HinokamiCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Giyuu Tomioka, Shinobu Kochou, Rui, Spider Demon Sister (Sister), Tanjuurou Kamado, Kie Kamado, young Tanjirou (Y.Tanjirou), young Nezuko (Y.Nezuko), KakushiJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Japanese transcribed by DayfairiesEnglish transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Tanjirou tries to slice through Rui’s spider thread, but his sword breaks.]Tanjirou	Huh…?[Action: Tanjirou dodges, but the thread still slices his face.]Tanjirou	Ngh…![Action: Tanjirou lands on the ground and looks at his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No way! My sword…![Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Inosuke catches his breath after Tomioka defeats the Spider Demon Father.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) Amazing!(Thoughts) He’s on a different level! The force of his stroke is in a different class! He’s head and shoulders above the rest!(Thoughts) He slashed that tough-as-nails monster like tofu!(Thoughts) Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Amazing![Action: Tomioka sheaths his sword.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) Who is this guy?! I still have goosebumps, dammit![Action: Tomioka glances at Inosuke and turns to leave.]Inosuke	Hold up a second! Fight me, Mismatched Haori!You beat that Twelve Kizuki! And I’m gonna beat you! That’s how I’ve drawn it up! If I can do that… that’ll make me the most powerful of all!Tomioka	Go back to training, idiot.Inosuke	What the?!Tomioka	That was no Twelve Kizuki or anything close to one. You can’t even tell that much?Inosuke	Sure I can tell! I never thought that scrub could be one of the Twelve Kizuki, either!It was Tanjirou who said it was one of the Twelve Kizuki! All I did was repeat what he said, all right?![Action: Tomioka ties Inosuke up to a tree and walks off.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) Ngh…! What’s going on? Did he just tie me up? (Thoughts) So quick! This guy’s so quick!Wait, you! Come back here!Tomioka	Stay out of battle if you don’t even realize how hurt you are.Inosuke	Huh?! I can’t hear you! Your voice is too soft, and you walk too fast!I said hold up a second! Untie these ropes right now! Hey! Hey! Hey~!![Scene: At Zenitsu’s location. Zenitsu breathes heavily as Shinobu stands over him.]Shinobu	Yoo-hoo! Are you all right?Zenitsu	Gramps…Shinobu	Who are you calling “Gramps”?Zenitsu	Just now, Gramps showed up, and told me not to give up.Shinobu	Oh, you saw your life flashing before your eyes.According to one theory, the reason one sees such images just before death is because you’re searching for a way to avoid death by going through all your past experiences and memories.[Action: Shinobu prepares an antidote.]Shinobu	Well, not that I can say for sure, since I’ve never experienced it myself…Right, you did a good job slowing down the poison’s path with your breathing. If you hadn’t been able to do that, you would’ve turned into a spider long ago.I’ll inject you with an antidote now, okay?[Action: Shinobu injects the antidote.]Zenitsu	Ngh…Kakushi	Hurry! Over here, over here![Action: Zenitsu sees the Kakushi clean-up crew down below.]Kakushi	Can we get them down?Be careful, okay?It’s all good! Everyone’s still alive![Scene: At Tanjirou’s location. Tanjirou prepares to fight Rui with his broken sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) My sword got snapped! I can’t believe it!(Thoughts) The threads this boy is controlling… Does that mean they’re even tougher than the body of that demon I couldn’t slash?(Thoughts) Forgive me, Mr. Urokodaki, Mr. Haganezuka! Thanks to my inexperience, my sword is now broken![Action: Rui whips a spider thread at Tanjirou again. Tanjirou dodges the attacks.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No, this isn’t the time for that! Think! Think!(Thoughts) If I can’t slash those threads, then let me get right up in his face!(Thoughts) It’s no good! Those threads have a life of their own, and I can’t get through their attacks!(Thoughts) Even though he’s holding back enough not to kill me, he’s still overwhelming me to this degree!Rui	Well? Do you still refuse to take back what you said?Tanjirou	Ngh…!Rui	Fine. In that case, you’ll get slashed to ribbons.[Action: Rui moves his arm, and a full spider web flies toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t dodge them all![Action: Nezuko jumps in the way of Rui’s spider threads.]Rui	Ah…!Tanjirou	Ah…!Nezuko!![Action: Nezuko falls forward, but Tanjirou grabs her and takes her to a more secluded area.]Tanjirou	Nezuko! Nezuko! You protected me! I’m sorry!Sister	A girl emerged from that box on his shoulders. But she has the aura of a demon!Ah…![Action: Rui trembles.]Rui	Hey, you… Is that… That girl… Is she your sibling?Tanjirou	So what if she is?![Action: Tanjirou trembles as he holds Nezuko’s arm together.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The wound is so deep! Her left wrist is about to fall off!Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hurry up and heal! Hurry up and heal! Hurry up and heal!Rui	Siblings… Siblings… The sister’s been turned into a demon.Sister	R-Rui?Rui	Yet, she stays by his side.The younger sister protected the elder brother. Risking her own life… That’s a genuine bond! I want it!Sister	W-Wait a minute! Wait a minute! Please! I’m your elder sister! Don’t desert me!Rui	Shut up![Action: Rui attacks the Spider Demon Sister, slicing her body apart.]Sister	Ah!Tanjirou	Ahh…Rui	None of you ever managed to fulfill the roles you were given. Never. Not once.Sister	W-Wait. I was the elder sister you wanted, wasn’t I? Give me a chance to redeem myself!Rui	In that case, go kill those people wandering all over this mountain. If you do that, I’ll forgive you for what just happened.[Action: The Spider Demon Sister picks up her head.]Sister	F-Fine. I’ll go kill them.[Action: The Spider Demon Sister runs off.]Rui	Boy…Tanjirou	Ah…Rui	Boy, let’s talk. Come on out.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Boy? Talk?Rui	The thing is, I was really moved.Seeing the bond you two share gave me chills. I doubt there are any words in this universe that can describe how moved I was.But now the only thing left for you is death by my hand. It would be sad if it were to come to pass, right?But there’s just one thing. Just one thing that will let you escape that.Your sister… Give your sister to me. If you hand her over without a fight, I’ll at least spare your life.Tanjirou	I have no idea what you’re talking about!Rui	Your little sister will be my little sister. Starting today.Tanjirou	You didn’t actually think I’d ever agree to that.Not to mention, Nezuko’s not a thing! She has her own feelings and will! There’s no way she’ll ever be your sister!Rui	It’s all right. No need to worry. Because I’ll create a bond between us.I’m stronger than you. I’m talking about the bond of terror. I’ll teach her what will happen if she defies me.Tanjirou	I’ve had enough of this crazy talk!Using terror to shackle someone hand and foot is not the bond of a family! Unless you fix that basic misunderstanding, you’ll never get what you desire!Rui	So irritating. Would you mind not shouting?We don’t see eye to eye, do we?[Action: Tanjirou removes Nezuko’s box from his back and walks out to face Rui.]Tanjirou	I’ll never hand Nezuko over to you!Rui	That’s okay, I guess. I’ll just kill you and then take her.Tanjirou	I’ll cut off your head first!Rui	That’s the spirit! I’d like to see you try it.[Action: Rui moves his hair, revealing that he is the Lower Rank 5.]Rui	That is, if you can actually defeat a member of the Twelve Kizuki like me![Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Tanjirou and Rui face each other.]Rui	Family.A father has his role as the father, and the mother has her role as the mother.The parents protect the children, and the elder brother and sister protect their younger siblings.No matter what. At the risk of their own lives.The way I see it, if you don’t understand your own role, there’s no reason for you to live. What about you? What is your role?Your role is to relinquish your younger sister to me and disappear. If you can’t do that, your only option is to die.Because you can’t defeat me.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Lower Five… Just as I thought! That power… This kid is a true Twelve Kizuki!(Thoughts) It won’t be easy to slash those threads. What should I do? With this broken sword… If that kid’s neck turns out to be tougher than the threads…Rui	I don’t like that look in your eyes. Glittering like that…What a fool you are. Don’t tell me… you think you’re going to beat me?[Action: Rui moves his hand, and the spider threads pull Nezuko toward him.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Nezuko![Action: Rui catches Nezuko.]Nezuko	Ngh…!Rui	All right, I’ve taken her now. Now do you recognize what your own role is?Tanjirou	Let her go![Action: Tanjirou charges toward Rui.]Rui	But I told you I’d spare your life at least if you didn’t defy me.Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko scratches Rui’s face.]Tanjirou	Urahhh![Action: Rui sends his spider threads at Tanjirou again.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou dodges Rui’s attack but is sent back.]Tanjirou	Ah… Nezuko’s gone![Action: Blood falls onto Tanjirou’s sword.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Nezuko hangs from a spider web above.]Tanjirou	Ahh… Nezuko!!Nezuko	Ngh…Rui	Stop that hollering. I’m sure that’s not enough to kill her. After all, she’s a demon.But it looks like I’ll have to teach her a lesson after all. I’m going to let her bleed for a while.If she doesn’t learn to be docile, I’ll just leave her like that until daybreak… and let her roast for a bit.Tanjirou	You let Nezuko… Let her go![Action: Tanjirou charges at Rui again. Rui sends more spider threads at Tanjirou. Tanjirou dodges the attack but falls. Rui kicks him into the air.]Tanjirou	Agh![Action: Tanjirou lands in a bush. Rui smacks him in the face, sending him away. Tanjirou stands but breathes heavily.]Rui	Look, you… I’m sure I’m mistaken, but…[Action: Rui walks toward Tanjirou.]Rui	… you don’t think that if you get close enough to me, you can chop off my head, do you?Fine by me. Here. Give it a shot.[Action: Rui stands with his arms spread.]Tanjirou	Ngh…![Action: Tanjirou swings to attack Rui, but Rui dodges the attack. Tanjirou swings at Rui’s neck, but his sword does nothing.]Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) The blade… won’t go through! Ngh… Ngh…!Rui	Didn’t I tell you? You have no chance against me.[Action: Rui kicks Tanjirou away.]Tanjirou	Agh![Action: Tanjirou smashes into a tree.]Rui	My body is more durable than any thread I manipulate.If you can’t even slash those threads, you don’t have a chance in hell of slashing my neck.Nezuko	Ngh! Ngh!!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) S-So powerful. His power is on a whole different level than any other demon I’ve fought!(Thoughts) So this is a Twelve Kizuki’s… The power of a demon closely related to Kibutsuji?Nezuko	Ngh! Ngh!! Ngh!Rui	You’re making too much noise. Quiet down a bit.[Action: The spider threads dig into Nezuko’s body more.]Nezuko	Ngh!!Tanjirou	Stop that!Rui	I’m your elder brother now. Enough of that infernal wailing.Tanjirou	Ngh…!(Thoughts) Calm down! Don’t get emotional! If you keep this up, you’ll be playing right into his hands![Action: Nezuko loses consciousness.]Rui	Hm? Did she pass out? Is she asleep?This demon has a unique aura. There’s something about her that’s not like the rest of us. Interesting.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Concentrate! Control your breathing! Unleash the most precise, final Form! (Thoughts) Total Concentration![Action: Tanjirou launches toward Rui.]Rui	You still don’t realize how futile it is?[Action: Rui sends spider threads at Tanjirou, but Tanjirou knocks them away with his sword.]Rui	Ah…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Water Breathing! Tenth Form! Constant Flux![Action: Tanjirou slashes through some of the spider threads.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I slashed them! I was able to slash the threads!Rui	(Thoughts) Gathering force with each rotation… This could be trouble.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can do it! If I can keep closing the distance between us, I can defeat him!Rui	Hey… You don’t think these threads are at maximum strength, do you?Blood Demon Art… Cutting Thread Cage. I have no more use for you. Goodbye.[Action: Rui unleashes his Blood Demon Art. A cage of spider threads encloses Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No good! I can’t slash these threads!(Thoughts) I’m still not getting enough spin. These are giving off a totally different scent than the other threads!(Thoughts) But I can’t afford to lose, no matter what! (Thoughts) I’m gonna die. I’m gonna lose! I’m…[Scene: In the past, in Tanjirou’s memory. A young Tanjirou and Nezuko dance and play as their father Tanjuurou watches them.]Y.Tanjirou, Y.NezukoHahahaha!Tanjirou	Father…Tanjuurou	Tanjirou… Breathe. Get your breathing under control and become Hinokami.[Scene: In another memory. A baby Tanjirou watches Tanjuurou perform a dance.]Kie	Tanjirou? Look. It’s your father’s kagura dance.Our family works with fire, so to ward off injuries and disasters, we offer this dance to Hinokami, along with our prayers, on New Year’s Day.Y.Tanjirou	Hey, Mother…Kie	Hm?Y.Tanjirou	How can Father dance like that in the snow for so long when he’s so frail?I bet my lungs would freeze.[Scene: In another memory. Tanjuurou sits in bed as Tanjirou listens.]Tanjuurou	There’s a breathing technique. A way to breathe so that you won’t exhaust yourself, no matter how much you move.Y.Tanjirou	Breathe?Tanjuurou	Right. If you can master the correct way to breathe, you’ll be able to dance forever, too.The cold won’t bother you, either.Tanjirou, if nothing else, make sure this kagura and these earrings get passed down to you uninterrupted.That’s what I promised.[Scene: In the present. Tanjirou takes a deep breath.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura… Dance![Action: Tanjirou slices through the Blood Demon Art threads.]Rui	(Thoughts) The threads…![Action: Rui sends more Blood Demon Art threads toward Tanjirou. Tanjirou gets cut but continues forward.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t stop! Keep running!(Thoughts) If you stop now, it’ll bring on the repercussions of forcibly switching from Water Breathing to Hinokami Dance Breathing!(Thoughts) When that happens, I’ll be immobile for a while! (Thoughts) That’s why I gotta do it now!(Thoughts) Run! You gotta protect Nezuko!Urahhh![Action: Tanjirou continues forward, slashing through more spider threads.]Rui	(Thoughts) This guy…![Action: Rui retreats, but Tanjirou continues after him. Tanjirou sees the Opening Thread.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I see the Opening Thread!Rui	Ngh…![Action: Rui sends another attack toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) You gotta take him down now! Even if it means… getting slashed by him at the same time![Scene: In Nezuko’s subconscious. Kie calls out to Nezuko.]Kie	Nezuko… Nezuko… Wake up, Nezuko.You have to save your brother. I know you can do it now, Nezuko.Do your best.[Action: Nezuko does not wake up.]Kie	Please, Nezuko. Or your brother will be killed, too![Scene: In the real world. Nezuko wakes up.]Nezuko	(Thoughts) Blood Demon Art… Exploding Blood![Action: The spider strings ignite.]Rui	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou jumps through the flames and hits Rui’s neck with his sword.]Rui	(Thoughts) No way! The threads burned and snapped!Tanjirou	The bond between Nezuko and me… can’t be… severed by anyone![Action: Tanjirou slices through Rui’s neck, and Rui’s head goes flying.]Demon Slayer S.1 E.20Title: Pretend FamilyCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Giyuu Tomioka, Shinobu Kochou, Rui, Spider Demon Mother (Mother), Spider Demon Sister (Sister), Spider Demon Older Sister (O.Sister), Murata, other Demon Slayers (Slayers)Japanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) English transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Nezuko uses her Blood Demon Art during the fight between Tanjirou and Rui.]Nezuko	(Thoughts) Blood Demon Art… Exploding Blood![Action: Nezuko uses her Blood Demon Art, setting Rui’s spider threads on fire.]Rui	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou slashes through the flames and swings at Rui’s neck.]Rui	Ngh!Tanjirou	The bond between Nezuko and me… can’t be… severed by anyone![Action: Tanjirou slices through Rui’s neck. Rui’s head goes flying.][Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Rui’s head falls to the ground, and his body collapses. Tanjirou also falls to the ground. The spider threads holding Nezuko burn away, and Nezuko falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	Nezuko… Nezuko!Ngh… I won… I won… My father saved me…I’m not sure why I was able to unleash that attack with the kagura that’s been in our family for generations. But that was what saved me! I was able to beat him![Action: Tanjirou sits up, but his vision is blurry.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) Huh? I can’t see Nezuko! Is it because I took way too many breaths? Agh…![Action: Tanjirou clutches at his chest.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This ringing in my ears is brutal! My whole body is throbbing with pain![Action: Tanjirou begins crawling forward.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I gotta… heal up fast!(Thoughts) I’m still not done fighting! I gotta go save Inosuke! Right away![Action: Tanjirou smells a strong stench.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) The scent of blood just got stronger!(Thoughts) Come to think of it, it didn’t give off the smell of ash. Don’t tell me…[Action: Rui’s body approaches Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Even though I chopped off his head?![Action: Rui pulls on some spider threads attached to his head.]Rui	You thought you defeated me? Poor kid. Did your pathetic delusion bring you joy?I cut off my head myself with my own threads… before you could chop it off.Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou continues crawling forward.]Rui	Enough. I’ll kill both you and your sister. I haven’t been this enraged in a long time.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Get up! Get up right now!(Thoughts) Get your breathing under control! Hurry! Right now!Rui	But I wonder why you’re not burning up.[Action: Rui reattaches his head.]Rui	It was only me and my threads that caught fire, right? I don’t know if it’s your sister’s power, but thanks for getting me super annoyed.Now I can carve you up with no regrets.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) If you use the correct breathing techniques, it makes no difference how exhausted you are!Rui	Blood Demon Art… Murderous Eye Basket![Action: Blood Demon Art spider threads begin to surround Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t panic! Don’t let it disrupt your breathing! Calm down… if you can calm down!(Thoughts) I can’t raise… my arm![Action: Blood Demon Art spider threads cut into Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Giyuu comes up from behind and cuts the spider threads.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Somebody’s here. Is it Zenitsu?Giyuu	You did a good job holding out until I got here.Leave the rest to me.Tanjirou	Ahh…!Rui	You’re like an endless stream of lowlifes always getting in my way!Blood Demon Art… Cutting Thread Rotation![Action: Rui sends an attack at Giyuu.]Giyuu	Total Concentration… Water Breathing… Eleventh Form. Dead Calm.Tanjirou	Eleventh Form?!Rui	Who cares about your Eleventh Form?![Action: Rui’s attack moves toward Giyuu, but the attacks do nothing.]Rui	What?(Thoughts) What’s going on? What did he do?(Thoughts) The instant I got up in his face, the threads scattered.(Thoughts) Not one of them reached him? The toughest threads of all got slashed? That’s impossible! One more time![Action: Rui holds out his hands for another attack. In an instant, Giyuu beheads Rui.][Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. The Spider Demon Sister runs through the trees.]Sister	(Thoughts) I messed up! I messed up!(Thoughts) And I was the only one who never messed up until now in this “Pretend Family” game![Scene: In the past. The Spider Demon Sister, who is not yet a Spider Demon, is being chased by a group of Demon Slayers. She falls to the ground.]Sister	Ngh!Ah…Slayers	We finally drove her into a corner!Hey, look at that. Huh?[Action: Rui stands on top of a house.]Slayers	A demon?It’s just a kid. But even if it looks like a kid, it’s still a demon. If we let it go, it’ll devour humans.Rui	Hey… Hey… You want me to save you?Sister	Ah… Huh?Rui	In return, will you do what I ask?Sister	I’ll do anything! I’ll do whatever you want, so please save me!Rui	Then become a part of my family.Sister	I will! I’ll do it!Slayer	What are they talking about?[Action: A Demon Slayer approaches the Spider Demon Sister.]Slayer	All right, it’s over for you![Action: Rui kills all the Demon Slayers in one move. The Spider Demon Sister turns to see Rui’s family.]Sister	Ah… Ahh…[Action: Rui takes the Spider Demon Sister’s hand.]Rui	Welcome. Starting today, you’re part of my family, too. [Scene: In the past. The Spider Demon Sister, who is not yet a Spider Demon, sits in a room with Rui and the older sister. Rui cuts his finger and adds a drop of blood to a dish of water. The older sister offers the dish to the Spider Demon Sister.]O.Sister	Drink this. Our family’s power belongs to Rui.Since we were all weak demons, Rui shared his power with us.Because Rui is one of that person’s favorites, he gets special permission to do this kind of thing.[Action: The Spider Demon Sister drinks the blood.]Sister	Ngh! Ah…Rui	Do you feel it? You don’t have to fear those demon hunters anymore.Now then, time for the finishing touches.[Action: Rui grabs the Spider Demon Sister’s face and begins to pull.]Sister	Ahhh!![Action: The Spider Demon Sister finishes her transformation sometime later.]Rui	All right, you can look up now.Congratulations. You’re truly part of the family now.[Scene: Sometime later. The older sister explains the situation to the Spider Demon Sister.]O.Sister	We’re only playing house.Sister	Huh?O.Sister	We have no blood ties. We’re just a clan of assorted strangers.[Action: Outside, Rui beats the Spider Demon Mother, who has accidentally reverted back to her originalform.]Mother	I’m so sorry! I’ll do better, Rui!I’ll practice! Forgive me! I’m so sorry I couldn’t do it well! It’s just that I revert by accident sometimes![Action: Rui pulls on a spider thread around the Spider Demon Mother’s throat.]Mother	Ahh! Ahh… Ah…Rui	I don’t want to hear your excuses, Mother.[Action: The Spider Demon Mother transforms into her Spider Demon form.]Rui	Play the role of mother like you should.Mother	I know what I must do, Rui.O.Sister	We were all so scared of the demon hunters and just wanted companions.It’s not like we wanted to take part in this baffling “Pretend Family” game. But those who fail to go along with Rui’s demands and orders get carved up or have their intellect taken from them or get strung up, exposed to the sunlight. I’ve had enough of this.Sister	I’m going to pretend I never heard you say that…O.Sister	I know you’re not a fool. Unlike all the others.Let’s run away together.I wouldn’t say this to anyone but you. You’re the one person I truly think of as my younger sister.[Action: The older sister offers her hand. The Spider Demon Sister takes it.]O.Sister	Tomorrow, Rui is going to be summoned by that person and descend the mountain.That’s our chance to escape.[Scene: The next day. The older sister and the Spider Demon Sister run down the mountain. Rui is waiting at the base.]O.Sister	Ah…[Action: The Spider Demon Sister lets go of the older sister’s hand and walks to Rui’s side. Later, the older sister is cut and left to burn in the morning sun.]O.Sister	Ah… Ahh…Rui	How disappointing.[Action: Rui and the Spider Demon Sister leave. The older sister burns when the sun rises.][Scene: In the present. The Spider Demon Sister runs through the forest.]Sister	(Thoughts) They were all fools, but I’m not like them! Even so, I messed up![Scene: Earlier in the evening. The Spider Demon Sister informs Rui of the situation.]Sister	(Flashback) Rui… Rui! Mother’s been killed! And our elder brother, too!(Flashback) What should we do? The demon hunters aren’t far behind… (Flashback) Listen…[Action: The Spider Demon Sister’s eyes revert back to their previous form.]Sister	(Flashback) Sh-Shouldn’t we make a run for it?[Action: Rui turns to the Spider Demon Sister and walks toward her.]Sister	(Flashback) Don’t…[Action: Rui cuts the Spider Demon Sister.]Sister	(Flashback) Ahh! Ah…Rui	(Flashback) You know, don’t you? I really hate it when your face reverts.Tanjirou	(Flashback) Ah!Rui	(Flashback) What are you looking at? This isn’t some show, you know.[Scene: In the present. The Spider Demon Sister continues running through the forest.]Sister	(Thoughts) I only got my face slashed, so I got off easy!Murata	Ah… A demon![Action: The Spider Demon Sister shoots her threads toward Murata.]Murata	Eek![Action: Murata is wrapped in a ball of the Spider Demon Sister’s thread.]Murata	What the?! Ngh![Action: Murata tries to cut through the Spider Demon Sister’s thread but can’t.]Sister	It’s futile. You’ll never cut through them. You see, my Ball of Yarn may feel soft, but it’s extremely hard.[Action: Digestive enzymes begin to leak into the ball.]Murata	Ahhh!Sister	First, the solvent will melt those clothes out of the way.And then, it’ll be your turn. You’ll be reduced to mush in now time, and then I’ll feed on you.[Action: Shinobu lands behind the Spider Demon Sister.]Shinobu	Wow, how amazing! Do you release those threads from the palms of your hands?Sister	Ah…Shinobu	Good evening. The moon is quite lovely tonight, don’t you think?Sister	Ah![Action: The Spider Demon Sister jumps back and shoots her thread at Shinobu. Shinobu dodges the attacks and attacks the Spider Demon Sister, eventually pushing her to the ground.]Sister	Ngh…Urgh… Ah… Ah…Shinobu	I can see you have no intention of being my friend.Sister	W-W-Wait! I beg of you!I’m being forced to do this! If I defy him, I’ll be slashed to shreds!Shinobu	Ah… Is that right? That does sound tragic! I’ll spare you! Let’s be friends!Sister	Y-You’re going to spare me?Shinobu	Yes! But in order for us to be friends, I must ask you a few questions.Sister	Ah…Shinobu	Sweet young girl, how many people have you killed?Sister	Five.[Action: The Spider Demon Sister begins to tear up. She turns away.]Sister	But I was ordered to! I had no choice!Shinobu	There’s no need to lie about it. Because I already know.Murata	Help me! Somebody!Shinobu	That spell you cast to turn one of our men into a cocoon was most impressive!You’ve devoured at least eighty humans, haven’t you?Sister	No, of course I haven’t eaten that many. I only killed those five.Shinobu	But I came here from the west, you know. The west, my dear.On the west side of that mountain, I saw hordes of cocoons hanging from the trees. The human captives inside had been liquefied. All massacred. In that spot alone, I counted at least fourteen cocoons.Fourteen humans. All dead.Oh, it’s not that I’m angry. I’m only trying to confirm the accurate toll.Sister	What good will it do you to confirm that?Shinobu	You’ll receive the penalty you deserve and be reborn!Sister	Penalty?Shinobu	That way, you and I can become friends.If you go unpunished after having taken all those lives, your victims will never get justice.[Action: Shinobu opens the Spider Demon Sister’s eye.]Sister	Ah…!Shinobu  I could gouge out your eyeballs or slash your stomach to rip out your organs. For every person you’ve killed, I shall torture you. And after you’ve suffered through all of the pain and agony, your sins will be forgiven. Let’s both give it our all!Don’t worry! Since you’re a demon, my dear, surely it won’t kill you and neither will there be any after effects!Sister	Who do you think you’re kidding?!Die! You damn witch![Action: The Spider Demon Sister holds out her hands to attack Shinobu. Shinobu jumps up, and the Spider Demon Sister shoots her threads at Shinobu. After attacking, she rolls out of the way. Shinobu has cut all the Spider Demon Sister’s threads.]Shinobu	I can see that we’ll never be friends.Oh, what a pity![Action: The Spider Demon Sister turns to attack again but can’t find Shinobu. Shinobu attacks from above. A swarm of butterflies passes over the Spider Demon Sister, and one lands on her finger. The butterfly rots away, and the Spider Demon Sister begins bleeding.]Sister	Ah… Ahh…[Action: Shinobu pierces the Spider Demon Sister with her sword.]Shinobu	Insect Breathing, Butterfly Dance… Caprice.Sister	Ah…(Thoughts) My head… hasn’t been cut off! (Thoughts) That’s the sword she’s using?(Thoughts) I see. She’s too tiny and has no arm strength, so beheading is beyond her. That’s someone I can defeat![Action: The Spider Demon Sister holds her hand out to attack but feels a strong sensation.]Sister	Ah…!Ah… Ahh… Ahhh![Action: Pustules begin to form on the Spider Demon Sister, and she falls to the ground.]Shinobu	You mustn’t think you’re safe just because you haven’t been beheaded. Because there are swordswomen like me who use poison.Demon Slayer Corps, Insect Hashira, Shinobu Kochou.I may be the only swordswoman among the Hashiras unable to decapitate demons, but as I’ve created a poison lethal to demons, I’m also rather awesome.Oh, pardon me! You’re dead, so you can’t hear me, can you? Careless of me![Action: Shinobu cuts Murata out of the silk ball.]Murata	Ngh…Shinobu	Are you all right?Murata	Yes… Just barely!What happened to the demon? Shouldn’t you finish it off?Shinobu	I killed her with wisteria poison. She’s already dead, so if we leave her, she’ll rot.I’m a pharmaceuticals expert!Your clothes did get dissolved, but your body is more or less unscathed! I’m so glad![Action: Murata frantically covers himself.]Murata	Eek… Ahhh…!Shinobu	Now then, as for the whereabouts of the demon that forced this girl to do his bidding… Did Tomioka beat me to it, then?[Scene: At Tanjirou’s location. Tanjirou crawls toward Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Nezuko… Nezuko![Action: Giyuu beheads Rui.]Rui	(Thoughts) I’ll kill them! I’ll kill them! I’ll kill those siblings no matter what! Siblings![Scene: In Rui’s subconscious. The Spider Demon Mother approaches Rui.]Mother	(Thoughts) What is it that you want to do, Rui? What do you mean by “family”? Rui	(Thoughts) I don’t know. Because I have no memories of when I was a human. Mother	(Thoughts) Is that why you made us pretend to be your family?Rui	(Thoughts) I thought that if I could feel a family bond, my memories would come back. (Thoughts) The bond of a real family…(Thoughts) That’s right. I…[Scene: In the present. Rui watches as Tanjirou cradles Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Nezuko…Demon Slayer S.1 E.21Title: Against Corps RulesCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Rui, Rui’s mother (Mother), Rui’s father (Father), Giyuu Tomioka, Shinobu Kochou, Kanao Tsuyuri, Muzan Kibutsuji, Gotou, other Kakushi members (Kakushi), kasugai crows, demon slayer (Slayer)Japanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Japanese transcribed by DayfairiesEnglish transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the past. A group of children plays in the snow.]Children	Ngh… There!Woah! Hehehe… Mm… Ngh!Hahahaha! Hahahaha!There![Action: Rui, who is still a human child, stands on the side, watching the other children play. He walks forward but trips and falls. He coughs and looks toward the sky.]Rui	Ahh…[Action: Rui’s mother rushes to his side.]Mother	Rui! Rui!Rui! What are you doing? You know you’re not supposed to be outside! [Scene: In Rui’s memory. Rui, still a human child, sits in bed.]Rui	(Narration) I’ve always been very frail, ever since I was a child. (Narration) I was never able to run. Even walking was a struggle.Ah…[Action: Kibutsuji appears in Rui’s room.]Rui	(Narration) That was until Lord Muzan appeared.Kibutsuji	You pitiful thing. Let me save you.Rui	(Narration) My parents weren’t happy about it.(Narration) Because at the cost of a strong body, I could never see the sun again. I also had to start devouring humans.[Scene: In Rui’s memory. Rui has killed a human. His father finds the body on the floor.]Father	What have you done? What on earth have you done? Rui![Action: Rui’s mother cries.]Rui	(Narration) Long ago, I heard a wonderful story.(Narration) It was about a father who died saving his drowning child.(Narration) I was deeply moved. Such astounding parental love, and such a wonderful bond, too.(Narration) The father who drowned in the river had fulfilled his role as a parent. (Narration) And yet, for some reason, my parents…[Scene: In Rui’s memory. Rui’s father holds a knife, ready to kill Rui in his sleep.]Rui	(Narration) My own parents tried to kill me.(Narration) All my mother did was sob, not even lifting a finger to protect me.[Action: Rui kills his father and mother.]Rui	(Narration) They must’ve been imposters. (Narration) The bond between us wasn’t real.Mother	I’m sorry…Rui	(Thoughts) She’s saying something. She’s still alive?Mother	I’m so sorry… for not giving you a strong, healthy body.Rui	Ah…(Narration) Those were my mother’s last words as she passed away. (Thoughts) She’s dead.Father	(Flashback) It’s all right, Rui. We’ll be following you soon.Rui	(Narration) I was so enraged that my father had tried to kill me that his words went over my head. But in that moment, I realized that he meant to die with me to atone for my sin of having murdered another.(Narration) It was a genuine bond. And that night, I severed it with my own two hands. (Narration) Even so, Lord Muzan gave me words of encouragement.Kibutsuji	This was your parents’ fault for refusing to accept you. Take pride in your strength.Rui	(Narration) I had no choice but to look at it that way. I couldn’t bear the weight of what I’d done.Ahh…![Scene: In the present. Rui has been beheaded. Tanjirou protects Nezuko. Rui’s body continues toward Tanjirou and Nezuko.]Rui	(Thoughts) Even knowing that I had only myself to blame… day after day, I missed my parents so much that I could barely stand it.(Thoughts) Even after creating a fake family, that feeling of emptiness wouldn’t go away. Since I was always the most powerful, there was no one who could protect me, no one who could shield me.(Thoughts) The stronger I became, the less I remembered from the time I was a human. I was losing sight of what it was I wanted to do, seeking a bond that I could never have.[Action: Rui’s body collapses near Tanjirou and Nezuko. He reaches out toward them.]Rui	(Thoughts) It was simply out of my reach, no matter who I strained to get my hands on it.Tanjirou	Ahh…[Action: Rui’s arm falls.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That small body gives off the scent of overwhelming grief.[Action: Tanjirou puts his hand on Rui’s back.]Rui	(Thoughts) So warm… Hands as warm and gentle as sunlight…(Thoughts) Now I remember it as clear as day. What I wanted to do was apologize. (Thoughts) I’m sorry. Everything… Everything was my fault.(Thoughts) I hope you can forgive me. But since I’ve killed so many people, I’m going to hell, aren’t I?(Thoughts) Father… Mother… I can’t go to the same place as you, can I?[Scene: In Rui’s subconscious. Rui’s Father has his hand on Rui’s back.]Father	That’s not true.Rui	Ah…Father	Even if it’s to hell, we’ll be going together.Rui	Ah…Father	Rui…Rui	Father… Mother…Mother	Rui… No matter where you go, we’ll be with you.[Action: Rui returns to his human form and begins to cry.]Rui	Ahhh![Action: Rui hugs his parents.]Rui	Everything… was my fault!I’m sorry… I’m sorry… I’m sorry… I’m sorry![Scene: In the real world. Rui’s body completely disintegrates.]Tanjirou	Ahh…[Action: Tomioka steps on Rui’s remaining clothing.]Tanjirou	Ah!Tomioka	Don’t waste your sympathy on a demon that has devoured humans.              It doesn’t matter if it looks like a child. It’s still a hideous monster that’s lived for decades.Tanjirou	To avenge the people who were killed, to make sure there are no more victims… I’ll bring my blade down on any demon’s neck without mercy.But as for those for whom being a demon meant despair, those who regretted their actions, I will never trample over them!Because even demons used to be human at some point! They were once human, like you and I!Please step off of him!(Thoughts) They’re not hideous monsters at all! Demons are hopeless creatures! They’re tragic creatures!Ngh…[Action: Tomioka sees Nezuko and recognizes Tanjirou and Nezuko from the day they met.]Tomioka	Ah… You’re…[Action: Butterflies appear in the area. Shinobu flies toward Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Tomioka. Tomioka prepares to draw his sword.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou clutches Nezuko closer, and Tomioka steps over him protectively. Tomioka deflects Shinobu’s attack.]Shinobu	Oh?For whatever reason could you be getting in my way, Tomioka?Weren’t you the one who told me man and demon could never become friends? How should I put it?This is exactly why nobody likes you, you know. Fufu…[Scene: In the forest of Mt. Natagumo. Gotou of the Kakushi cleanup crew injects a Demon Slayer with an antidote.]Slayer	Ngh… Ahh… Ahh… Ngh… Ahh… Ahh…Gotou	Haa… Man, Lady Kochou’s antidote is really effective.Kakushi	Yeah. And all it took was one look at the situation to finish preparing it. She’s truly amazing.That goes for him, too.Gotou	Oh, that guy?Kakushi	Since he defeated the demon, the poison's circulation showed a bit.[Action: Gotou sticks a note on a wrapped up Demon Slayer.]Gotou	All right! This should do it.Looking good. Chances are, they’ll all pull through.Kakushi	Still, I’d like to wrap things up quickly and leave this place as soon as possible, wouldn’t you?Gotou	Yeah, same here. I mean, this place really, really stinks![Scene: At Tanjirou’s location. Shinobu points her sword at Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Tomioka.]Tanjirou	Ah…Shinobu	Now, now, Tomioka, please move out of the way.Tomioka	I’m not… I’m not disliked by people.Tanjirou	Huh…?Shinobu	Ahh, I apologize. You have yet to realize what people think of you, huh? That was uncalled for. Please forgive me.Tanjirou	What?!Ah…Shinobu	Little boy!Tanjirou	Yes?!Shinobu	You’re protecting a demon there. I don’t want to hurt you, so please get out of the way.Tanjirou	Y-You’re mistaken! Well, you’re not, but… she’s my sister! She’s my little sister, so… you see…!Shinobu	Ahh, is that right? Poor thing.In that case… I shall use a gentle toxin to kill her so she won’t suffer, all right?Tanjirou	Ah…Tomioka	Can you move?Tanjirou	Ah…Tomioka	If you can’t, force yourself to. Take your sister and make a run for it.Tanjirou	Tomioka… Sorry for the trouble! Thank you very much![Action: Tanjirou runs off with Nezuko.]Shinobu	Isn’t that against the Demon Slayer Corps rules?[Action: Tanjirou runs through the trees with Nezuko in tow. He picks up Nezuko’s box.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) My whole body is aching! It’s so painful! I want to scream from the pain! Deal with it!(Thoughts) Deal with it, deal with it, deal with it, deal with it, deal with it, deal with it!Nezuko	Mm…[Action: Nezuko opens her eyes.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Does this mean I’ll have to quit the Demon Slayer Corps?(Thoughts) Even if she’s my sister, there’s no way they’d let a Demon Slayer travel with a demon![Action: Kanao follows behind Tanjirou.][Scene: At Tomioka and Shinobu’s location. Tomioka and Shinobu clash.]Shinobu	I see you’re taking this seriously, Tomioka. Who would’ve thought a Hashira would ever defend a demon?Unfortunately for you, I have no intention of joining you in stalling for time. And with that, farewell.[Action: Shinobu jumps into the air.]Tomioka	Ah… Ah…[Action: Tomioka goes after Shinobu.]Shinobu	Is that your attempt at catching up with me?Fufu…I don’t mind if you want to try stopping me, but don’t forget about the other one!Tomioka	Ngh![Action: Tomioka jumps after Shinobu.][Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Tanjirou continues running with Nezuko.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t stop! Keep moving! I’ve got to get as far away as I can![Action: Kanao lands on Tanjirou’s back.]Tanjirou	Ack![Action: Tanjirou falls and drops Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) Oh no! What happened? It took all I had to keep running! (Thoughts) Nezuko![Action: Kanao lands in front of Nezuko.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) A Demon Slayer![Action: Kanao draws her sword.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou grabs Kanao’s cape and flings her away from Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Run, Nezuko!Run! Make a run for it!Nezuko	Mm…[Action: Nezuko begins running away.]Tanjirou	Don’t get caught, no matter what! Hurry --[Action: Kanao plants a kick on Tanjirou’s head, knocking him out. Kanao runs after Nezuko and attacks. Nezuko shrinks to avoid it.]Kanao	(Thoughts) She shrunk and turned into a child?[Action: Nezuko continues her escape. Kanao chases after her and continues to attack but misses.]Kanao	(Thoughts) All she does is run away. She’s not even attacking me. But why? (Thoughts) No need to ponder it. My only job is to slay this demon.[Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Tomioka holds Shinobu in place.]Shinobu	Tomioka? Earth to Tomioka.Since the purpose of my attack was to slay a demon, and therefore justified, I don’t believe it would be construed as a violation of the rules. But we can’t say the same about your actions, can we?You’re actively interfering with my duties. Just what might your intentions be here?Don’t you have anything to say for yourself? This is your final warning. Give me a reason at least.[Action: A kasugai crow lands on a branch.]Tomioka	If I remember right, it was two years ago.Shinobu	Please spare me the long, rambling backstory. Are you doing this out of spite?Are you perhaps still angry at me for pointing out why nobody likes you?Tomioka	Ngh…[Action: Shinobu reveals a knife at the back of her shoe.]Tomioka	Ah…[Action: Shinobu prepares to kick Tomioka with the knife, but a crow appears to make an announcement.]Crow	Message! Message! Caw!I bring a message from headquarters!Tanjirou and Nezuko are to be taken back to headquarters alive! Caw!Tomioka	Ah…Shinobu	Ah…Crow	Tanjirou and the demon Nezuko are to be taken back to headquarters alive![Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Kanao stops attacking Nezuko as a crow makes its announcement.]Crow	Tanjirou, dressed in a checkered haori, with a scar on his forehead! Nezuko, a female demon with a bamboo muzzle! Bring them back! Bring them back!Kanao	Are you Nezuko?[Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Tomioka and Shinobu sheath their swords and leave the area.]Crow	Bring them back! Bring them back! Caw!Tanjirou, dressed in a checkered haori, with a scar on his forehead! Nezuko, a female demon with a bamboo muzzle!Bring them back! Bring them back! Caw![Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. The Kakushi cleanup crew finds Tanjirou.]Kakushi	He has a scar on his forehead.Gotou	All right, take him into custody.Kakushi	Look. His jawbone seems to be broken, doesn’t it?Gotou	Hmm… I feel bad about tying him up.[Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Other Kakushi members find Inozuke tied up.]Kakushi	Ah! Wh-Who the hell is this?I don’t know. A demon? Couldn’t be, right?Is it a human?[Action: One of the Kakushi members pokes Inosuke’s mask off with a stick.]Kakushi	He’s wearing our uniform’s trousers.Oh, hey, this is a mask! He’s a human! All right, let’s bring him in.[Action: The Kakushi members prepare Inosuke for retrieval.]Kakushi	Wow, this guy’s really banged up!Why’s he strung up like this?Inosuke	(Thoughts) There was nothing I could do…(Thoughts) I couldn’t even kill a single demon on my own! (Thoughts) Y’know what? Maybe I’m not that strong…[Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Zenitsu sits up against a tree, wrapped up in bandages. Kanao directs the Kakushi members.]Zenitsu	They wrapped us up like mummies.(Thoughts) Who are these people? They seem to be cleaning the place up really efficiently.(Thoughts) And that girl over there… Isn’t she the girl from the Final Selection? She has the same kind of hair ornament as the lady who wrapped us up.Kakushi	Should we bring them to the Butterfly Mansion?Kanao	Yes, bring all the wounded to our place. I’ll be hunting down the demons in the area so you can work uninterrupted.Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Actually, I’ve heard of them. The cleanup crew, the Kakushi. They’re the unit that cleans up after the Demon Slayers battle demons.(Thoughts) They say that most of its members are people who have no swordsmanship skills.[Action: The sun rises.]Zenitsu	Ah… The sun’s coming up.[Scene: In the morning, at the Demon Slayer Corps headquarters. Tanjirou lies asleep and tied up on the ground.]Gotou	Wake up.Hey, I told you to wake up!Wake… Hey… Hey, you! Come on, dude! C’mon!Are you gonna nap all day?! Rise and shine already, will ya?![Action: Tanjirou wakes up.]Tanjirou	Ah!Gotou	You’re in the presence of the Hashira!Demon Slayer S.1 E.22Title: Master of the MansionCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Giyuu Tomioka, Shinobu Kochou, Tengen Uzui, Gyoumei Himejima, Kyoujurou Rengoku, Muichirou Tokitou, Mitsuri Kanroji, Obanai Iguro, Sanemi Shinazugawa, Sakonji Urokodaki, Nichika Ubuyashiki, Hinaki Ubuyashiki, Gotou, kakushiJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In the morning, at the Demon Slayer Corps headquarters. Tanjirou lies asleep and tied up on the ground.]Gotou	Wake up.Hey, I said wake up.Wake… Hey! Hey, you! C’mon, you! C’mon!Are you gonna sleep all day?! Wake the hell up, will you?![Action: Tanjirou wakes up.]Tanjirou	Ah!Uzui	Bummer. I heard he was a Demon Slayer with a demon in tow, so I was looking forward to seeing someone more flamboyant… but that’s one drab-looking dude, huh?Rengoku	Yes! And now, we’ll put this boy on trial! I see!Kanroji	(Thoughts) To think that he’s been protecting his sister who’s now a demon… Now that's a beautiful sibling love! How brave!Tanjirou	Wh-Who are these peop --[Action: Gotou pushes Tanjirou’s head into the ground.]Gotou	Don’t open your mouth just yet, you moron! Just who do you think is standing before you?!You’re in the presence of the Hashiras!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hashiras? What is a Hashira? (Thoughts) What’s he talking about? (Thoughts) And who are these people exactly?(Thoughts) Where am I now?Shinobu	This is the Demon Slayers’ headquarters.And you’re about to be put on trial… Tanjirou Kamado.Tanjirou	Ah…[Scene: In the morning, at the Demon Slayer Corps headquarters. Tanjirou faces the Hashiras.]Shinobu	Before we start the trial, why don’t you explain the crime you’ve comm --Rengoku	There’s no need for a trial!Shinobu	Huh?Rengoku	Protecting a demon is a clear violation of the code! We’re within our rights to deal with him on our own!We’re going to behead him along with the demon!Uzui	In that case, I’ll be glad to decapitate him flamboyantly. I’ll show you the most flamboyant blood spray you’ll ever see. I’m talking max flamboyance.Kanroji	(Thoughts) What? You’d kill such an adorable child? That pains my heart! It fills me with anguish!Himejima	Ah, what a pitiful sight this boy is. The poor soul…I pity him for having been born at all.Tokitou	(Thoughts) Um, what was the shape of that cloud again?(Thoughts) What was it called again?[Action: Tanjirou looks around for Nezuko.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Where’s Nezuko? Nezuko!Gotou	Hey, you… The Hashiras are speaking. What are you looking at?These are the nine highest-ranking swordsmen in the Demon Slayer Corps.Tanjirou	Hashiras…Himejima	Let’s put him out of his misery.Rengoku	Yeah!Uzui	Let’s do it. Flamboyantly.Tanjirou	Ahh…Gotou	Hey!Tanjirou	Nezuko… Nezuko, where are you?!Nezuko! Zenitsu!Inosuke! Murata!Iguro	Forget that. What will we do with Tomioka?Tanjirou	Ah…Iguro	Seeing him there without any restraints is giving me a headache. Based on what Kochou told us, Tomioka is just as guilty of breaking Corps rules.How will we deal with him? How should we make him take responsibility? What kind of lesson should we teach him?Don’t you have anything to say, Tomioka?Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) Because of me, now even Tomioka…Kanroji	(Thoughts) Iguro, you’re as serpent-like as ever! Such a nag! I love how pesky you are![Action: All the Hashiras look at Tomioka, who remains silent.]Kanroji	(Thoughts) Tomioka! All by himself at a distance! How cute!Shinobu	Oh, where’s the harm? He did come along without resisting.Let’s come up with a penalty later.What I’m more interested in is hearing this boy’s story.The reason he’s going on missions with a demon in tow despite being a Demon Slayer. I’d like to hear the reason from the boy himself. Needless to say, what he’s done is against the Demon Slayer Corps rules.Tanjirou	Ah…Shinobu	You are aware of that, aren’t you?Tanjirou	Ahh…Shinobu	Tanjirou Kamado… Why are you travelling with a demon when you’re a Demon Slayer?[Action: Uzui grabs his swords.]Uzui	No need to ask.Shinobu	You can take your time. Just tell us why. Tanjirou	Ah… Ngh… She’s my… She’s my younger – [Action: Tanjirou coughs. Shinobu brings him a gourd of water.] Tanjirou	Agh…Shinobu	I do believe you need some water.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou grabs the gourd with his mouth and drinks.]Shinobu	You’ve injured your jaw, so please drink slowly.It contains a painkiller, so it will make you feel better.[Action: Shinobu takes the gourd back from Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Haa…Shinobu	It’s not as if your wounds are healed, so you mustn’t push yourself.Now then, Tanjirou Kamado…Tanjirou	Haa… That demon is my younger sister! While I was away, my family was attacked by a demon, and when I got home, they were all dead!My sister got turned into a demon, but she’s never devoured anyone! She never has and never will! She’ll never hurt humans, no matter what!Iguro	Spare us your absurd ravings. If she’s family, no wonder you’re defending her. I can’t trust a single word you’re saying. I, for one, don’t believe you.Himejima	Ahh… She’s been possessed by a demon. Let us kill this poor child immediately so that she can be liberated!Tanjirou	Listen to me, please! I became a swordsman so that Nezuko could be cured!It’s been two years since Nezuko became a demon! And in all that time, she hasn’t devoured one human!Uzui	Your story’s spinning in the most drab way possible, idiot. The fact that she hasn’t eaten anyone, that she won’t from now on… Don’t just give us lip service. Prove it to us with max flamboyance.[Action: A hawk flies overhead.]Tokitou	What was that bird again? Um…Kanroji	Excuse me? I do have my doubts, you know. I just can’t imagine the Master being in the dark about this situation.Rengoku	Mm…Uzui	Ah…Kanroji	Do you really think it’s okay to deal with him without his permission?Rengoku	Yes…Uzui	Ngh…Tanjirou	Ahh…Kanroji	Shouldn’t we at least wait until he arrives?Tanjirou	My sister… My sister will fight with me by my side!She can fight as a Demon Slayer to protect humans! So please…[Action: Shinazugawa arrives, carrying Nezuko’s box.]Shinazugawa	Well, well, I see you have some fun brewing here.Is that the moron Slayer who has a demon with him?Tanjirou	Ah!Shinazugawa	What the hell are you trying to pull here?Kanroji	(Thoughts) Shinazugawa! You’ve gained even more scars! How gorgeous you look! Kakushi	This won’t do, Master Shinazugawa! Please, would you mind putting down that box? Kanroji	(Thoughts) Shinobu looks pretty angry! Now that’s unusual! She’s so cool!Shinobu	Shinazugawa, please don’t act out of line.Shinazugawa	What did you say about that demon, kid?That she can fight as a Demon Slayer to protect humans? You know what we call that? A total delusion, you moron![Action: Shinazugawa draws his sword and stabs it into Nezuko’s box, hitting Nezuko.]Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ah! Ngh![Action: Tanjirou gets up and runs at Shinazugawa.]Gotou	Ah!Tanjirou	Anyone who hurts my sister… Hashira or not, I won’t let you get away with it!Shinazugawa	Hahahaha…[Action: Shinazugawa withdraws his sword.]Nezuko	Mm!Shinazugawa	Is that right? Good for you!Tanjirou	Urahhh!Tomioka	Stop it! The Master will be arriving soon!Shinazugawa	Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou charges at Shinazugawa. Shinazugawa swings his sword, but Tanjirou jumps out of the way.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Rengoku	Mm…Uzui	Ah…!Kanroji	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou headbutts Shinazugawa.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Shinazugawa	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou and Shinazugawa fall to the ground.]Tomioka	Ah… Shinazugawa	Ngh… Ugh… [Action: Kanroji stifles a laugh.]Kanroji	Pft! Pardon me.[Action: Tanjirou runs in front of Nezuko’s box.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!Shinazugawa	Damn you!Iguro	(Thoughts) Even though Tomioka ran interference, he still landed a blow on Shinazugawa.Tanjirou	If you can’t tell the difference between good demons and bad, you should just quit being a Hashira!Shinazugawa	You little…[Action: Shinazugawa picks up his sword.]Shinazugawa	I’ll destroy you![Action: Shinazugawa points his sword to Tanjirou’s neck.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!Nichika, HinakiThe Master has arrived.Shinobu	Ah…Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Kagaya walks out from the interior of the building.]Kagaya	So good of you to come…Tanjirou	Ah…Kagaya	… my beloved children.[Scene: At the Demon Slayer Corps headquarters. Kagaya has arrived.]Nichika, HinakiThe Master has arrived.[Action: Kagaya steps onto the veranda. Nichika and Hinaki lead him to the edge.]Kagaya	Mm… Good morning, everyone. The weather is amazingly good today.I wonder if the sky is blue. It pleases me that we’ve made it to our semiannual Hashira Meeting with no personnel changes.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s wounded… No, is he sick? So that man is the Master?[Action: Shinazugawa slams Tanjirou’s head into the ground.]Tanjirou	Urk!(Thoughts) So quick! I couldn’t even react! This…!Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees all the Hashira kneel.]Shinazugawa	I am pleased to see you in good health as well, Master.I fervently pray for your continued good fortune.Kagaya	Thank you, Sanemi.Kanroji	(Thoughts) I wanted to say that! Offer my greetings to the Master!Shinazugawa	If I may, Master… Before we start the Hashira Meeting, would you mind enlightening us about this swordsman, Tanjirou Kamado, accompanied by a demon?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He didn’t seem to have a drop of intelligence or logic, but he’s speaking so formally now!Kagaya	Right. I apologize for startling you all.As for Tanjirou and Nezuko, I’ve sanctioned their situation. And I’d also like you all to accept it.Himejima	Ahh… Even if it’s what you desire, Master, I cannot agree to it.Uzui	I’m flamboyantly opposed as well! A Demon Slayer travelling with a demon is unacceptable!Kanroji	I shall do whatever it is you wish, Master!Tokitou	I’m fine either way… I’m going to forget soon, anyway.Iguro	I won’t trust them. I won’t trust them. In the first place, I loathe demons.Rengoku	Although I respect you with all my heart, that’s an incomprehensible notion, Master! I oppose it with everything I’ve got!Shinazugawa	The Demon Slayer Corps’ mission is to annihilate demons. I request that you penalize both Kamado and Tomioka!Kagaya	The letter.Hinaki	Yes, Master.[Action: Hinaki brings out a letter to read for the Hashiras.]Hinaki	This is a letter received from a former Hashira, Sakonji Urokodaki. I shall read you an abridged version.“Please allow Tanjirou to be accompanied by his sister, a demon.” “Because of her resilient mental strength…”Urokodaki	“… Nezuko has not lost her human emotions.”“Even in a starved state, she never devoured humans, and this has held true more than two years later. Although the situation seems somewhat far-fetched, it is an indisputable fact.”“In the event that Nezuko does assault a human, Tanjirou Kamado, as well as…”Hinaki	“… Sakonji Urokodaki and Giyuu Tomioka will atone by committing ritual suicide.”Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou cries silently.]Shinazugawa	So what if they commit ritual suicide?If you want to die, then rot for all I care! It’s no guarantee! Not by a long shot!Rengoku	Shinazugawa is right! If she kills and devours a human, there’s no coming back from that! It won’t bring back the people who were killed!Kagaya	You do have a point.Shinazugawa	In that case…Rengoku	Master!Kagaya	We can’t guarantee that she won’t attack humans. We can’t prove it.That said… we also can’t prove that she will attack humans.Shinazugawa	Ngh…!Kagaya	The fact is that Nezuko has refrained from devouring humans for more than two years, and also that there are three people risking their lives for her. To reject this notion, those who reject it must offer an even more convincing argument.Shinazugawa	Ngh…Kagaya	Do you all have the will to do so?Rengoku	Ngh…Kagaya	Also, there’s something I’d like to relay to you, my children.Tanjirou here has met Kibutsuji.Hashiras	Ah…!Uzui	No, impossible! Even when no Hashira has ever crossed paths with him?![Action: Kanroji falls over.]Kanroji	Ah!Uzui	This kid did?!What did he look like?! What about his powers?! Where did this take place?!Tokitou	Did you battle him?[Action: Shinazugawa begins shaking Tanjirou’s head.]Tanjirou	Ahh…!Shinazugawa	What was Kibutsuji doing?! Did you find his stronghold?! Hey, answer me!Uzui	Shut up! I asked him first! First, tell us what powers Kibutsuji has![Action: Kagaya brings a finger to his lips, and the Hashiras kneel silently again.]Kagaya	Kibutsuji has sent pursuers after Tanjirou. Though his purpose may simply be to silence him, now that Kibutsuji’s given himself away for the first time, I don’t want to let go.I also believe something’s happening to Nezuko that Kibutsuji never saw coming.Tanjirou	Ahh…Kagaya	Can you try to understand?Shinazugawa	No, I can’t understand, Master.If it were human, I’d be okay with letting it live, but not a demon! Not after all that we Demon Slayers have gone through in battle! Not after so many people have lost their lives!It’s unacceptable!Kagaya	Mm…Shinazugawa	Ngh…![Action: Shinazugawa draws his sword and slices across his arm.]Tanjirou	Ah!Kanroji	(Thoughts) Huh? Huh? What are you doing? What are you doing? You’re soiling the garden!Shinazugawa	Master! I will prove it to you myself! The sheer ugliness of a demon!Kagaya	Sanemi…[Action: Shinazugawa steps on Nezuko’s box and drips his blood onto it.]Shinazugawa	Hey, demon! It’s time to eat! Sink your teeth into this!Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Shinazugawa’s blood seeps into Nezuko’s box.]Nezuko	Ngh…Shinazugawa	No need to force yourself to hold back. Just show us your true colors, and I’ll obliterate you right here!Tanjirou	Nezuko!Iguro	Shinazugawa, it’s no good doing it in the sunlight.We have to go into the shadows, or the demon won’t show its face.Shinazugawa	Master, please forgive this discourtesy.Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Shinazugawa jumps into the shade with Nezuko’s box and tosses it. He stabs his sword into the box.]Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	Stop it!![Action: Iguro elbows Tanjirou’s back.]Tanjirou	Ack!Shinazugawa	Come on out, demon![Action: Shinazugawa continues stabbing into Nezuko’s box.]Nezuko	Ngh!Shinazugawa	Look, it’s the human blood you love so much!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t breathe! I can’t move![Action: Shinazugawa opens the door to Nezuko’s box. Nezuko emerges.]Shinazugawa	Ngh!Nezuko	Ngh… Grr…Tanjirou	Nezuko…!Nezuko	Ngh… Grr… Grrr…!Demon Slayer S.1 E.23Title: Hashira MeetingCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Shinobu Kochou, Tengen Uzui, Gyoumei Himejima, Kyoujurou Rengoku, Muichirou Tokitou, Mitsuri Kanroji, Obanai Iguro, Sanemi Shinazugawa, Aoi Kanzaki, Kiyo Terauchi, Sakonji Urokodaki, Nichika Ubuyashiki, Hinaki Ubuyashiki, Gotou, other Kakushi member (Kakushi)Japanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At the Demon Slayer Corps Headquarters. Shinazugawa stabs his sword into Nezuko’s box.]Nezuko	Ngh!Shinazugawa	Come on out, demon!Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Stop it!Shinazugawa	Look, it’s the human blood you love so much![Action: Nezuko emerges from her box as Shinazugawa’s arm bleeds.]Nezuko	Ngh… Grrr…[Scene: At the Demon Slayer Corps Headquarters. Nezuko stares at Shinazugawa’s arm.]Nezuko	Grr… Ngh… Grr…Shinazugawa	What’s the matter, demon? Come on. You know you want it.Nezuko	Grr… Grrr…Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou struggles against his restraints.]Shinobu	Iguro, you’re digging into him too hard. Ease up a bit please.Iguro	I’m only holding him down because he’s trying to move.Tanjirou	Ngh…Shinobu	Kamado, if you use any breathing techniques while your lungs are being squeezed, your veins will burst.Uzui	His veins will burst!I like it! Sounds flamboyant! Come on! Start bursting!Kanroji	Ahh…Himejima	Mmm…Poor soul. Such a weak, pathetic child… Namu Amida Butsu.Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh… Grrr…Shinazugawa	Hahaha!Tanjirou	Gahhh…!Shinobu	Kamado?Tanjirou	Ahhh![Action: Tanjirou breaks free from his restraints. Tomioka takes Iguro’s arm.]Iguro	Ngh…[Action: Iguro tries to restrain Tanjirou again, but Tomioka grabs his arm.]Iguro	Ah…Tanjirou	Ngh… Ugh![Action: Tanjirou gets up and runs toward Shinazugawa and Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Nezuko!Nezuko	Grr… Grrr…[Action: Nezuko remembers when she turned into a demon.]Tanjirou	(Flashback) She’s my sister! She’s my younger sister! Nezuko is different! (Flashback) Though I don’t know how it happened![Action: Nezuko remembers her parents and her younger siblings.]Urokodaki	(Flashback) All humans are your family. (Flashback) Protect humans.Nezuko	(Thoughts) Humans are to be protected and saved. Never hurt them… I will never hurt them.Grrr… Grr…[Action: Nezuko turns away from Shinazugawa’s bleeding arm.]Nezuko	Ngh! Shinazugawa	Ah… Tanjirou	Haa…Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh… Ngh…Kagaya	What just happened?Hinaki	The demon girl turned her back in disgust.Nichika	Although she’d been stabbed three times by Shinazugawa, and despite his flaunting of his bloody arm in her face, she restrained herself and did not bite.Shinazugawa	Tsk…Kagaya	So now, it’s been proven that Nezuko won’t attack humans, right?Tanjirou	Ah…Iguro	Ngh…[Action: Iguro pulls away from Tomioka.]Iguro	What do you think you’re doing, Tomioka?Kagaya	Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Ah…Kagaya	I’m sure that even after this, there are some who can’t accept Nezuko.You must prove it to them starting now… that you and Nezuko can fight as Demon Slayers, that you can be useful.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou puts his face to the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What is this feeling? It’s like I’m floating.               (Thoughts) His voice… Is it because of this man’s voice that I’m feeling light in the head?Kagaya	Go out and defeat a Twelve Kizuki. Do that, and you’ll be accepted by all. And it will give more weight to your words.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sits up.]Tanjirou	I… Nezuko and I will defeat Muzan Kibutsuji!Nezuko and I will do it for sure! Strike with the sword that will stop the chain of grief!Kagaya	As you’re ill-equipped to do so right now, Tanjirou, let’s start by defeating a Twelve Kizuki, all right?Tanjirou	Erk! Yes, sir…Kanroji	Pft!(Thoughts) You mustn’t laugh! You mustn’t, you mustn’t, you mustn’t!Shinobu	Fufu…Kagaya	It goes without saying that the Hashiras of the Demon Slayer Corps have phenomenalskills.Himejima	Fufufu…Kagaya	After training themselves to death, they have defied death, and they’ve also defeated Twelve Kizuki.Rengoku	Yes! A good attitude to have!Kagaya	That is why Hashiras receive respect and preferential treatment. So, Tanjirou, mind your manners when you speak.Tanjirou	Y-Yes, sir.Kagaya	One more thing, Sanemi, Obanai… Don’t torment the younger ones too much.[Action: Iguro lowers his head.]Iguro	As you wish.[Action: Shinazugawa kneels and lowers his head.]Shinazugawa	As you wish.Kagaya	Tanjirou, we have concluded our business with you. You may step back.Shinobu	In that case, allow me to take Kamado into my house.Tanjirou	Huh?[Action: Shinobu claps twice.]Shinobu	All right, then! Take them away please![Action: A Kakushi member appears to take Nezuko.]Nezuko	Mm…Kakushi	Erk!Gotou	Pardon me for cutting in front of you![Action: Gotou bows to Kagaya and the Hashiras, and then grabs Tanjirou by the collar.]Gotou	Ngh…Tanjirou	Ahh![Action: Gotou carries Tanjirou off, and the other Kakushi member follows with Nezuko’s box.]Kagaya	Now then, let us begin the Hashira Meet --[Action: Tanjirou comes running around the corner.]Tanjirou	Hold on a second!Kakushis	Come back here![Action: Tanjirou is tackled over by the Kakushi members.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Please allow me to headbutt that man covered in scars! I gotta --Gotou	Shut up! Keep your mouth shut!Tanjirou	I gotta headbutt him as many times as he stabbed Nezuko!Headbutting isn’t a violation of the Corps rules, right?[Action: Tokitou picks up a rock.]Kakushi	Shut up! Settle down now!Tanjirou	Let go of me!Gotou	Cut it out![Action: Tokitou flicks the rocks at Tanjirou’s head.]Tanjirou	Gah… Gah… Urk![Action: Tanjirou falls forward, unconscious.]Tokitou	You’re not allowed to interrupt the Master.[Action: The Kakushi members bow repeatedly.]Gotou	We beg your pardon!Kakushi	We beg your pardon, Master!Gotou	Master Tokitou!Kakushi	We beg your pardon!Gotou	We beg your pardon!Kanroji	(Thoughts) Muichirou! What a fine boy! So cool!Tokitou	Just get out of our sight.Kakushis	Yes, sir![Action: The Kakushi members run off with Tanjirou and Nezuko again.]Kagaya	Tanjirou… Give Miss Tamayo my regards.Tanjirou	Ah…Hold up a second! I just heard him mention Miss Tamayo’s name![Action: The Kakushi carrying Nezuko begins punching Tanjirou in the face.]Tanjirou	Ow!Kakushi	Don’t you say another word! We got yelled at because of you!Gotou	I thought I’d pee my pants![Action: The Kakushi pinches Tanjirou’s cheeks.]Tanjirou	Erk…Kakushi	You don’t know how terrifying the Hashiras are!Gotou	Try to read the room! Read it! Kakushi	I’ll never forgive you as long as I live! Gotou	I’ll never forgive you!Kakushi	Apologize!Gotou	Apologize! Apologize!Tanjirou	I… I’m sorry… [Scene: At the Butterfly Manor. The Kakushi members carrying Tanjirou and Nezuko arrive.]Kakushi	Hello! Is anyone home?Hello! Is anyone home? Hello… Ugh…Gotou	Jeez, no one’s coming to the door. Kakushi	Let’s go check out the yard. [Action: The Kakushi move to the garden.]Gotou	Haa… Hey, walk on your own.Tanjirou	I’m sorry. It’s just that my whole body is aching like crazy.The headquarters was huge, too, but this mansion’s something else, huh?[Action: A butterfly flutters near Tanjirou’s face.]Tanjirou	Huh?(Thoughts) Come to think of it, was this place called the “Butterfly Manor”?[Action: The Kakushi members stop in their tracks.]Gotou	Hey, there’s someone. Someone’s here.Kakushi	That would be, um… Oh, right! The Tsuguko… Her name is…Tanjirou	Tsuguko?Gotou	It’s Master Kanao Tsuyuri.Tanjirou	Ah…It’s the girl from the Final Selection.Gotou	Hey, somebody’s forgotten how they got stomped on by Master Kanao last night.A Tsuguko is a swordsman trained by a Hashira. Only the ones with mind-blowing skillsand talent get chosen.She’s a girl, but she’s awesome!Kakushi	Please forgive us, Master Tsuyuri.We were ordered to come here by Master Kochou. Permission to enter the mansion?[Action: Kanao stares at the Kakushi member silently.]Kakushi	Uh, do you mind?[Action: Kanao smiles at the Kakushi member.]Kakushi	You don’t mind, do you?Aoi	And who are you?Tanjirou, KakushisAhh!Gotou	What?! Uh…Kakushi	We were ordered by Master Kochou!Aoi	Are you a Kakushi? You’ve brought an injured person, right?Please come this way.Kakushi	Uh, right![Action: The Kakushi members move to follow Aoi.]Gotou	She’s fast…Tanjirou	Ahh…[Scene: In the Butterfly Manor. Zenitsu complains.]Zenitsu	Five times?!I gotta take this five times?! Per day?!And I have to keep taking this medicine for three months?! If I take this, I can’t eat anything, you know! I mean it’s really bitter! It’s such an ordeal!So, you mean my arms and legs will heal just by taking medicine?! For real?! Listen, are they really gonna heal?!Kiyo	Please stop shouting…Zenitsu	Tell me how they’re gonna get healed!Somebody explain this to me better!Aoi	So, that guy is still making a commotion.Zenitsu	Listen! My arms and legs! What’s gonna happen to my arms and legs?! Hey!Tanjirou	Ah… Ah! Zenitsu!Aoi	Please try to be quiet!Zenitsu	Hey! Hey!!Aoi	Didn’t we already explain it to you numerous times? If you don’t stop this nonsense now, we’ll tie you up!Really now!Tanjirou	Zenitsu!Zenitsu	Ahhh!!Tanjirou	Are you okay? Did you hurt yourself?So you did come up the mountain after all!Zenitsu	T-Tanjirou…[Action: Zenitsu clings to Gotou.]Zenitsu	Ahh! Tanjirou! Listen to me, will you?I got stung by this sinky spider, and the poison hurt like crazy, okay?!And that girl’s been yelling at me all this time! I hate my life!Gotou	Hey, get away from me. I’ve got nothing to do with this. Tanjirou	Huh? Zenitsu, did you get smaller or something? [Action: Zenitsu pulls away from Gotou, leaving a trail of snot.]Zenitsu	Ugh… I almost got turned into a spider. My arms and legs are really short right now.Tanjirou	Is that right?Where’s Inosuke? Have you seen Murata?Zenitsu	I don’t know about anyone named Murata, but Inosuke’s right next to me.Tanjirou	Hey, you’re right!He’s been here all this time! And I didn’t notice!Gotou	Haa…[Action: Gotou drops Tanjirou on the floor.]Tanjirou	Urk!Ngh… Inosuke, I’m so glad you’re all right!I’m so glad you’re all right… I’m so sorry! I couldn’t rescue you!Inosuke	It’s okay. Don’t worry about it.Gotou	Paper! Paper! Do something about this!Tanjirou	Your voice… Is that you, Inosuke?Gotou	Wipe it! Hey!Zenitsu	I heard he lost his voice or something.Tanjirou	Huh?Zenitsu	I don’t have all the details, but I heard he, like, got hit in the neck, and when he yelled at the top of his lungs at the end, that finished it off, and that did a number on his throat.He’s depressed now, so it’s made him gentle, and it really cracks me up! Hehehehe…Hehehehe!Tanjirou	Why are you cackling in that creepy way all of a sudden?Zenitsu	Hehehehe!Tanjirou	What’s going on?Zenitsu	Eek…Inosuke	I’m sorry for being so weak.Tanjirou, ZenitsuAhh…Tanjirou	Hang in there, Inosuke! It’s not like you to get depressed!Zenitsu	Come on, you did good! You’re awesome!Tanjirou	I’m just so happy that you’re alive!Zenitsu	Ahh!! Did I take my morning meds?!Did you see me take them?! Somebody?! Did you see?! Somebody?! Did you see?![Action: The boys eventually settle down in bed.]Tanjirou	Zenitsu… Inosuke… Thank goodness… You’re alive.[Scene: In the late evening. Tanjirou places Nezuko’s box on the ground and closes the curtains.]Tanjirou	It’s all right now. They said you could use this room, Nezuko.[Action: Tanjirou sits down on the bed.]Tanjirou	Ugh! Ouch, ouch, ouch…[Action: Nezuko emerges from her box.]Tanjirou	I really got roughed up on Mt. Natagumo.It hurts a lot. To be honest, it hurts like crazy.Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	Nezuko… Thanks for protecting me on the mountain.Who would’ve guessed that not only you, but Mr. Urokodaki and Mr. Tomioka, as well… They’re all risking their lives for us. They’re all taking care of us.I need to… become stronger.Even today… the Master more or less saved both your life and mine. That man’s voice… It was so soothing in a mysterious way.Just listening to him speak made my head feel light. I wonder what kind of person he is.[Action: Tanjirou turns to see Nezuko asleep on the floor.]Tanjirou	Ah…Oh, right. You’re sleep-deprived, aren’t you?I’m hurting, and this is rough, but I gotta keep on fighting. Because… I’ll be a grown man one day.And then, I’ll become an old guy and die. And then, the demon Nezuko will end up all alone.That would be too lonely, wouldn’t it, Nezuko?I promise you I’ll turn you back into a human, okay?[Scene: In a room in the Demon Slayer Corps Headquarters. The Hashiras are gathered with Kagaya.]Kagaya	Just as you’ve all reported, the demons’ carnage has increased more than ever.The threat to human life is greater than it’s ever been.We’ll have to bolster the ranks of the Demon Slayers. What do you all think?Shinazugawa	The incident on Mt. Natagumo made it crystal clear.The caliber of Demon Slayers has nose-dived to unbelievable levels. Most of them are useless.The trainers must be blind.You’d think they could at least tell if someone’s competent or not.Uzui	Well, that kid today sure seemed competent.He did land that flamboyant blow on you, Shinazugawa. He’s got potential.Shinazugawa	Tsk…Shinobu	The more the human population increases, the harder it becomes to control and unify them.Not to mention that the times have changed considerably in this era.Himejima	Other than those who’ve had their loved ones brutally massacred and joined the Corps, or those of distinguished pedigree who have hunted demons for generations, to ask anyone to harness as much or even greater resolve and drive to produce results would be cruel.Rengoku	Still, considering that boy ran into a Twelve Kizuki so soon after joining the Corps… He may have the power to draw them! Even we rarely get the chance to confront one! It makes me envious!Kagaya	Agreed. But the fact that Lower Five made such a drastic move probably means that Muzan is nowhere near Mt. Natagumo.After all, as in the case of Asakusa, whenever Muzan wishes to hide something, he creates a clever diversion to throw us off.It’s really quite frustrating.But those demons are still freely devouring humans, gaining strength and surviving. For the sake of those who have died, there is only one thing for us to do.I believe that among you Hashiras who are present today, I’ve assembled the finest unit since the First Breathing swordsmen of the feudal era.Tengen Uzui, Kyoujurou Rengoku, Shinobu Kochou, Mitsuri Kanroji, Muichirou Tokitou, Gyoumei Himejima, Sanemi Shinazugawa, Obanai Iguro, Giyuu Tomioka… My children, I look forward to your success.[Scene: Later that night. Kagaya sits alone in his room.]Kagaya	Muzan Kibutsuji, I swear I’ll defeat you if it’s the last thing I do.We will bring you down without fail.Demon Slayer S.1 E.24Title: Rehabilitation TrainingCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Shinobu Kochou, Kyoujurou Rengoku, Aoi Kanzaki, Kiyo Terauchi, Sumi Nakahara, Naho Takada, Murata, Hotaru HaganezukaJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net) Japanese transcribed by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) English transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At the Demon Slayer Corps Headquarters. Rengoku prepares to head off.]Shinobu	Are you heading into battle?Rengoku	Hm? Is that you, Kochou?We just got some new information about a demon, and the Slayers who confronted him got taken out. We’re losing rank and filers, too, now. We can’t stand by and do nothing.Shinobu	Could it be a Twelve Kizuki?Rengoku	Most likely, yes. It might be a member of the Upper Ranks.Shinobu	It sounds like a difficult mission, but as long as you’re going, Rengoku, there’s nothing to worry about.Rengoku	Kochou, what’s your plan taking in that headbutting kid? You said you were going to add more Tsuguko, but I’m sure that’s not the reason.Shinobu	Don’t worry, it’s not as if I’ll gobble him up, all right?Rengoku	Well of course you wouldn’t![Action: Rengoku turns to leave.]Rengoku	Hahahaha! Hahahaha!Shinobu	Be careful. [Scene: In the Butterfly Manor. Zenitsu complains about his medicine.]Zenitsu	No~!! I can’t possibly take any more!Aoi	We go through this every single day!You’re the most severely injured, Zenitsu! Take your medicine this second!Zenitsu	Ngh…Aoi	Seriously…Tanjirou, your medicine is right over there.Kiyo	Here.Tanjirou	Thanks.[Action: Tanjirou takes the cup of medicine from Kiyo and drinks it.]Tanjirou	Okay!Zenitsu	Hey! Tanjirou’s medicine goes down easy, doesn’t it? Right?! It’s different from mine, isn’t it?!I call favoritism! I call favoritism!Tanjirou	Zenitsu, this is a hospital ward! Pipe down![Action: Murata enters the room.]Murata	You seem to be doing well!Tanjirou	Ah… Ahh! Murata!Murata	Hey!Zenitsu	Blegh![Scene: In the hospital room. Murata sits down near Tanjirou’s bed.]Tanjirou	Are you all right?Murata	Well, I came this close to getting melted away, but I made it somehow. But I heard you guys really got banged up.Tanjirou	It looks like it’s going to take some time.Murata	And Wild Boar Kid, in your case, was it the throat?Huh? What’s the matter with him?Tanjirou	He went through a lot. If you could please let him be… Murata	But for this guy of all people to be so listless -- Zenitsu	Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Oh…Zenitsu	Who is that person?Tanjirou	He’s Murata. He fought with us on Mt. Natagumo.Murata	I’m Murata! Nice to meet you!Hey, your arm…Zenitsu	I almost got turned into a spider, and my arms and legs are still short…Aoi	And that’s why you need to take this medicine!Zenitsu	Eek!              But it tastes so gross! There’s only so much gross a person can take! Aoi	Don’t come crying to me if your arms and legs don’t go back to normal! Zenitsu	So cold! That’s such a cold thing to say!Aoi	You don’t know how good you have it. I mean, if you take this medicine and get lots of sunlight, there’ll be no lasting effects.[Action: Zenitsu jumps from his bed across to Tanjirou’s.]Zenitsu	I can’t do it!Tanjirou	Ah!Zenitsu	Gross is gross! No two ways about it!Murata	Hehe… Looks like fun. Lucky you.Tanjirou	Murata?Murata	I was summoned to the Hashira Meeting to give my report on the Mt. Natagumo incident, but it was like hell! Those Hashiras are way too terrifying!All pissed about how the quality of the newer Slayers has gone downhill… because there were some of us who didn’t follow orders on Mt. Natagumo. And they were like, “Who trained them?”What good would it do to ask someone of my rank, anyway? Ugh…Tanjirou, ZenitsuAh![Action: Shinobu steps into the room.]Murata	Hashiras terrify me!Shinobu	Hello!Murata	Ah![Action: Murata hops up from his chair.]Murata	Hashira! Lady Kochou!Shinobu	Hello!Murata	Oh, hello! Goodbye![Action: Murata runs from the room and slams the door.]Shinobu	Oh my! Goodbye!How is your recovery coming along?Tanjirou	I think we’re a lot better now.Shinobu	Then, let’s have you start your Rehabilitation Training, shall we?Tanjirou	Rehabilitation Training?Shinobu	Yes!Inosuke	Forgive me for being weak…[Scene: Two weeks later, at the Butterfly Mansion. Zenitsu sits alone in the hospital room.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Tanjirou and Inosuke were taken away by the Hashira, Lady Kochou, and started something called “Rehabilitation Training”.(Thoughts) Lady Shinobu’s voice is totally unique. I don’t think I’ve ever heard anything like it.(Thoughts) It lacks regularity, and it scares me a little.(Thoughts) But when she was treating the people who got turned into spiders, she sure seemed like a goddess. No wonder everyone ran to Lady Shinobu in tears.(Thoughts) Not only that, but she’s unbelievably cute! I bet she could make a living on her looks alone.So, this cute lady has taken Tanjirou and Inosuke to Rehabilitation Training to rebuild their stamina. And any minute now…[Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke return to the hospital room looking quite haggard.]Inosuke	Ugh…Zenitsu	(Thoughts) … they’ll be back in this kind of state.Welcome back, Tanjirou, Inosuke![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke hobble to their beds.]Tanjirou,	Ahh…InosukeZenitsu	How did it go today?[Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke climb into bed silently.]Zenitsu	What happened? What’s the matter? Hey…Tanjirou	Sorry.Inosuke	Don’t mind us.Zenitsu	You gotta tell me about it! I’ll be joining you a little late starting tomorrow!Zenitsu	No~!![Scene: The next day, at the Butterfly Manor. Inosuke and Tanjirou walk through the halls with Zenitsu clinging to Tanjirou’s shirt.]Zenitsu	Scary! Scary! Scary!I don’t wanna go![Action: The trio makes it to another room in the manor. Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi wait near three futon sets. Kanao sits at a table.]Aoi	All right, since you’ll be joining us from today, Zenitsu, I’ll explain the process again now.You’ll start over there.Kiyo, Naho, SumiHmm!Aoi	Those girls will make your bodies limber again after having been bedridden for so long.[Action: Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi work on stretching Inosuke out.]Inosuke	Gahh!Kiyo, Naho, SumiHmm!Inosuke	Gahhh…[Action: Inosuke flops onto the floor.]Aoi	Next, reflex training.These cups contain medicated water.The objective is to throw that medicated water onto each other, but if your opponent blocks your cup before you can pick it up, you can’t move that cup.[Action: Tanjirou sits across from Kanao.]Aoi	Go![Action: Kanao immediately throws a cup of water into Tanjirou’s face.]Tanjirou	Mmph…Aoi	Again!Go![Action: Tanjirou grabs a cup of water.]Tanjirou	Ha![Action: Kanao covers the cup and throws another cup of water in Tanjirou’s face.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Aoi	That’s it!Last up, full-body training.In simpler terms, you’ll be playing tag. You’ll be up against myself, Aoi, and Kanao over there.Tanjirou, InosukeUgh…Zenitsu	Excuse me. May I ask you something?Aoi	Hm? Is there something that’s not clear to you?[Action: Zenitsu gets up and walks toward the door.] Zenitsu	No, it’s just… Come on, both of you. Tanjirou	Huh?Inosuke	Not going.Zenitsu	Just shut up and come with me like I said!Tanjirou, InosukeErk…!Aoi	Ah…!Zenitsu	Come on![Action: Zenitsu begins dragging Tanjirou and Inosuke away.] Zenitsu	Come on, dammit! You lowlifes! You dirtbags! Tanjirou	Ahh!Inosuke	What the hell are you doing?!Zenitsu	Ahh!![Scene: Outside the butterfly manor. Zenitsu yells at Tanjirou and Inosuke.]Zenitsu	Sit up straight! I said sit up straight! You miserable bastards!Inosuke	What did you say?!Zenitsu	Ngh![Action: Zenitsu punches Inosuke across the cheek.]Inosuke	Ugh!Tanjirou	Inosuke!What were you thinking, Zenitsu?! Tell Inosuke you’re sorry!Inosuke	Ngh…!Zenitsu	Huh?! You guys say you’re sorry! Apologize to me! How dare you act like you’d come back from hell when you were in heaven!All you did was frolic with girls all day, so why did you look so haggard?!Get down on your hands and knees and apologize! Commit ritualistic suicide!Tanjirou	How can you say such a thing?!Zenitsu	Shut up, you goody-goody talking forehead! Just shut up and listen, got that?!Ngh![Action: Zenitsu starts pulling Tanjirou’s hair.]Zenitsu	You’re allowed to touch girls! You get to have your bodies massaged! When you play that cup game, you get to touch their hands! When you play tag, you get to touch their whole freakin’ bodies!Each girl has two boobs, one behind, and two thighs! They smell so nice when they pass by, and it’s mad fun just to look at them!Ahhh!! Heaven! Sheer heaven!Inosuke	Cut the crap! You’re not making any sense! When you lose to someone smaller than you, it destroys your soul!Zenitsu	Oh, poor you! Inosuke, you’ve never been chummy with a girl before, right?! Right, you were raised in the mountains! No wonder you’re a late bloomer! Ahh! I feel so sorry for you!Inosuke	Grrr!What?! Oh please, I’ve stomped on female kids before!Zenitsu	That’s the worst thing you could do![Scene: Inside the Butterfly Manor. Aoi, Kanao, Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi listen to the trio outside.]Zenitsu	Not good, no good! That’s not gonna get you any girls!Aoi	Grr…Inosuke	What?! I can get as many girls as I want!Tanjirou	Haa…[Scene: Back inside the Butterfly Manor. Zenitsu eagerly awaits his training.]Zenitsu	Please train me well! Hehehehe~![Action: Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi stretch Zenitsu out.]Kiyo, Naho, SumiHmm!Zenitsu	Hahahaha!Kiyo, Naho, SumiMmm!Zenitsu	Hehehe!Kiyo, Naho, SumiMmm!Zenitsu	Hehehehe! It’s all good! All good!Inosuke	That guy has what it takes. I’m always fighting back tears from the pain, but he’s laughing.Tanjirou	Ahh…[Action: Aoi sits across from Zenitsu for reflex training.]Aoi	I shall take you on.Naho	Begin![Action: Aoi reaches for a cup, but Zenitsu covers her hand and prepares to throw a cup of water on her. He doesn’t throw it and squeezes her hand.]Zenitsu	I would never splash tea on a girl.Kiyo, Naho, SumiAhh…Zenitsu	Hehehe![Scene: Sometime later. Aoi faces off against Zenitsu for full-body training.]Naho	Now then, full-body training! Begin![Action: Zenitsu flashes around the room.]Aoi	Ah…![Action: Zenitsu leaps at Aoi and grabs around her chest.]Zenitsu	I win![Action: Aoi smacks Zenitsu around.]Zenitsu	I won the battle but lost the war! Inosuke	I’m gonna kick some butt, too! Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Inosuke throws a cup of water into Aoi’s face.]Inosuke	All right!Aoi	Ah![Action: Inosuke holds Aoi up from her ankles.]Inosuke	All right!Aoi	Ouch!Kiyo, Naho, SumiAhh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m the only one on a losing streak and soaked. How embarrassing![Action: Zenitsu and Inosuke are soaked with medicated water.]Zenitsu, InosukeAhh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) But… I just can’t beat Kanao. None of us can get to her cup before her or grab it away from her.[Action: Tanjirou continues his training.]Tanjirou	(Narration) For the next five days, I continued to lose to Kanao.(Narration) So did Inosuke… and Zenitsu. We couldn’t so much as lay a finger on a strand of her hair. And then one day, the other two stopped coming to the training room.Z-Zenitsu? Inosuke? Ahh… Please train me![Scene: At night, at the Butterfly Manor. Tanjirou has finished his training.]Tanjirou	Thank you for the good workout…[Action: Tanjirou walks back to his bedroom.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Why can’t I beat her? What gives her the edge over me?(Thoughts) First of all, her reflexes are way faster. Even if I were at 100 percent, I’d probably lose to her.(Thoughts) Her scent is totally different. It’s similar to the scent of the Hashiras.Sumi	Master Tanjirou?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Also… her eyes? Her eyes are different…Sumi	Master Tanjirou? Tanjirou	(Thoughts) … it seems. Sumi	Um…Tanjirou	Oh…!Sumi	Master Tanjirou, are you all right? We’ve been calling you over and over.Tanjirou	Sorry! I didn’t hear you. What’s up?Kiyo, Naho, SumiMm…[Action: Naho holds out a towel for Tanjirou.]Sumi	Here’s a towel for you.Tanjirou	Wow! Thanks! That’s a big help!You’re all so kind!Kiyo, Naho, SumiHaha!Kiyo	Um, Master Tanjirou, do you maintain the Total Concentration Breathing state around the clock?Tanjirou	Huh?Kiyo	Morning, noon, and night, and all throughout the night while you’re asleep. Do you use the Total Concentration Breathing technique nonstop?Tanjirou	No, I don’t. I’ve never done that.Is that even possible?Kiyo	Yes! We’re told that being able to do that makes all the difference in the world!Tanjirou	Even just using that technique for a short time really takes its toll on me, but I should do it around the clock, huh?Naho	Some people have already mastered it.Sumi	All of the Hashiras and Miss Kanao!Kiyo, Naho, SumiPlease work hard at it!Tanjirou	I see!Thanks! I’ll give it a try! [Scene: At the Butterfly Manor. Zenitsu sits on his bed and Inosuke lies in his while Tanjirou prepares to go out.]Tanjirou	Isn’t it about time you came to training, Inosuke?Sulking and feeling sorry for yourself won’t do you any good. Zenitsu, you should come, too![Action: Zenitsu stands up.]Zenitsu	Yes. For me, that was a good job!Just tell them my injury’s taken a turn for the worse!Hey, Kakushi lady over there! Would you like to have some tea with me?Tanjirou	Haa…[Scene: Out in the courtyard. Tanjirou practices his breathing.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Total Concentration Breathing. Morning, noon, and night. Even while I’m asleep, I said I’d try to keep it up around the clock, but…Ah!(Thoughts) … I can’t do it at all! I can’t do it!(Thoughts) If I try to do Total Concentration Breathing longer, it makes me feel like I’m gonna die!(Thoughts) It’s too painful! My lungs hurt! My ears hurt! My ears are ringing like crazy! (Thoughts) My eardrums![Action: Tanjirou hears a loud noise and covers his ears.]Tanjirou	Ah… Ahh!(Thoughts) That scared the heck out of me! For a second there, I thought my heart had burst through my ears!(Thoughts) I’ll never make it at this rate! When you’re in trouble, go back to basics! You spineless fool![Action: Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi watch Tanjirou from around a corner.]Kiyo, Naho, SumiFufu…[Action: Tanjirou takes a deep breath.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Breathing is all about the lungs. If I can’t get the hang of it, that means my lungs are too weak.(Thoughts) Work at it! All I can do is work hard! That’s the story of my life!(Thoughts) Hard work is the sum of daily efforts! It can be one step at a time! Move forward!Right!Kiyo	Master Tanjirou is working hard every day!Sumi	Yes! Let’s bring him some rice balls, okay?Naho	Good idea! And also…[Scene: Sometime later. Kiyo, Sumi, and Naho present Tanjirou with two gourds.]Tanjirou	Blow into these gourds?Kiyo	That’s right. Whenever she trained Lady Kanao, Lady Shinobu often had her blow into gourds.Tanjirou	Oh, really?That’s a neat training technique, huh? So, you make some sort of sound?Kiyo	Oh, no. She blew into it to make the gourd explode.Tanjirou	Oh, really?Explode?What? You mean this?!Something this hard?!Kiyo	Yes! Not to mention, this is a special kind of gourd, so it’s harder than normal ones.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) A girl that petite was able to do that something that hard?!Kiyo	The gourds get bigger and bigger as you progress. The one that Lady Kanao can explode right now…[Action: Kiyo, Sumi, and Naho present a very large gourd.]Kiyo	… is this gourd.Tanjirou	Gigantic! I’ll give it my all![Scene: The next day, in the training room. Tanjirou meets with Aoi.]Aoi	They’re not coming today, either?Tanjirou	I’m sorry. I’ll bring them tomorrow. I’m sorry.Aoi	No, you don’t have to concern yourself with those two anymore!Tanjirou	I’ll work hard.Tanjirou	I’ll work hard![Scene: Over the next few days. Tanjirou continues his rehabilitation.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) While throwing myself into the drills that Mr. Urokodaki pounded into me, I’m also maintaining my Total Concentration Breathing state.(Thoughts) Imagining I’m running down a mountain, I race all around the mansion’s garden! All of the obstacles are stand-ins for the trees on that mountain!Hard work! Urahhh!Hard work! Hard work! Hard work!![Scene: 15 days later, at night. Tanjirou sits on the roof of the Butterfly Manor.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’ve regained most of my stamina. And now, I can run farther than I did before, and my lungs are getting stronger! I’m making good progress!(Thoughts) During the day, I run all over the place and put my lungs into overdrive with swift moves, so now, I’ll breathe slowly. I’ll take slow, deep breaths and send air all the way to my fingertips.(Thoughts) Meditation boosts concentration. Mr. Urokodaki said so himself. (Thoughts) Mr. Urokodaki…Haganezuka	(Imagination) How dare you break my sword!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Please forgive me.(Thoughts) They’re reforging my sword for me now, but I’m really, really sorry. (Thoughts) Concentrate! You need to concentrate! Concentrate on your breathing!Shinobu	Yoo-hoo… Yoo-hoo! Yoo-hoo… Yoo-hoo!Tanjirou	Yes!Shinobu	I can see you’re working very hard.Tanjirou	Ah…!Shinobu	Even though your friends went off somewhere…Tanjirou	Ahh…Shinobu	Don’t you feel lonely all by yourself?Tanjirou	No! Because once I’ve mastered it myself, I can teach them, too!Shinobu	You have a beautiful soul, don’t you?Tanjirou	Ahh…Um… Why did you bring us all here?Shinobu	Nezuko’s existence has been officially acknowledged, and the three of you were injured so seriously.And also, I’d like to entrust my dream to you.Tanjirou	Dream?Shinobu	Yes.My dream that we can become friends with the demons. I’m quite sure you can accomplish that.Tanjirou	Ahh…[Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air and turns to Shinobu slowly.]Tanjirou	Are you angry?Shinobu	Ah…Tanjirou	For some reason, I’m always picking up an angry scent from you even though you’re always smiling.Shinobu	Yes… You’re right. It might be true that I’m in a constant state of anger.Ever since my beloved older sister was slaughtered by a demon, every time I see the tears of those who’ve lost their loved ones to a demon, every time I hear those cries of despair… the anger keeps building up inside me and continues to swell.Deep down in the innermost depths of my body, there’s a revulsion that I can’t fight. I’m sure the other Hashiras feel something similar, as well.Well, this time, they saw Nezuko, who’s never devoured a human, with their own eyes, and they’ve memorized her presence. Out of respect for the Master’s wishes, I don’t thinkanyone will raise a hand to her.Tanjirou	Ahh…Shinobu	My older sister was a kind-hearted person like you. She had sympathy for demons. Even when she was on the brink of death, she still felt pity for them.I couldn’t bring myself to feel that way. How can you feel sorry for something that’s killed humans? I’ve never heard of anything so absurd.But if that was how my sister truly felt, then I must carry it on. If there’s a way not to kill these pitiful demons, I have to keep trying to come up with it… without ever extinguishing the smile that my sister said she loved.(Flashback) Sister… Sister! Sister!! But now, I’m a bit exhausted.Demons do nothing but lie. Losing all reason out of self-preservation, they murder humans with their instincts laid totally bare.[Action: Shinobu stands up.]Shinobu	Tanjirou, please do all that you can. Please find a way to protect Nezuko until the end.Knowing that you’re working so hard in my place reassures me to no end. I can rest easy now.Your Total Concentration Breathing has come to a halt.Tanjirou	Ah…!Shinobu	Heh…[Action: Shinobu disappears in an instant.]Tanjirou	I’ll work hard at it!(Thoughts) Total Concentration Breathing!(Thoughts) Mother, Hanako… Takeo, Shigeru, Rokuta… Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou shakes his head.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m going to turn Nezuko back into a human for sure!Demon Slayer S.1 E.25Title: Tsuguko, Kanao TsuyuriCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Kanao Tsuyuri / young Kanao (Y.Kanao), Shinobu Kochou, Kanae Kochou, Aoi Kanzaki, Kiyo Terauchi, Sumi Nakahara, Naho Takada, Hotaru Haganezuka, Kouzou Kanamori, Kanao’s ownerJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net) Japanese transcribed by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) English transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At the Butterfly Manor. Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi are hanging the laundry.]Tanjirou	Naho! Kiyo! Sumi!Kiyo, Naho, SumiHuh?Tanjirou	I’d like you to help me train.If I stop doing Total Concentration Breathing while I’m asleep, can you clobber me with these carpet beaters?Kiyo, Naho, SumiAhh…Tanjirou	Please help me!Kiyo, Naho, SumiAhh… Very well!Tanjirou	Thank you![Scene: At night. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke sleep soundly. Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi watch Tanjirou.]Naho	It’s all good, right?Kiyo	Master Tanjirou’s doing a good job!Sumi	Yes![Action: Tanjirou begins snoring. Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi immediately begin beating Tanjirou.]Kiyo, Naho, SumiAhh!Tanjirou	Ah!!Gah![Scene: At night. Tanjirou bows to Kiyo, Sumi, and Naho.]Tanjirou	I’m a spineless fool… Please let me try again!Kiyo, Sumi, NahoOkay!Tanjirou	If you please!Kiyo, Sumi, NahoGive it all you’ve got!Tanjirou	This time, for sure![Action: Tanjirou goes back to sleep. At first, he sleeps peacefully but then starts snoring again. Kiyo, Sumi, and Naho beat him again.]Kiyo, Sumi, NahoAhh!Tanjirou	Ahh!!One more time please![Scene: In the morning. Tanjirou goes to practice with Aoi.]Aoi	Just you again today, Tanjirou? Tanjirou	I’m sorry. I did ask them to come, but… Aoi	Well, it doesn’t matter to me.Tanjirou	I’ll give them another nudge later![Action: Tanjirou continues his rehabilitation training.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ugh… Urgh…(Thoughts) I’m starting to get used to training while doing Total Concentration Breathing!(Thoughts) Although I can’t sustain it all day unless I really get myself pumped up, the longer that I can keep doing Total Concentration Breathing, the bigger the stamina boost I get!Ngh!![Scene: At the training room. Tanjirou practices with Kanao.]Kiyo, Sumi, NahoYou can do it!Tanjirou	Urahhh!![Action: Tanjirou aims to tag Kanao, but he misses.]Kanao	Ah…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hey, I can chase after her! I’m able to chase right after that girl! I can keep up with her!Urahhh!![Action: Tanjirou aims for Kanao’s hand, but she pulls away at the last moment.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou tumbles forward.]Tanjirou	Ahhh!Ouch, ouch, ouch…[Scene: In the late evening. Tanjirou finishes his training for the day.]Tanjirou	Thank you very much!Aoi	Ah… Hmph.Tanjirou	Hm?[Action: Tanjirou turns to see Zenitsu and Inosuke standing in the doorway.]Tanjirou	Zenitsu! Inosuke![Action: Zenitsu and Inosuke leave.]Aoi	I refuse to get involved.[Scene: A new day. Tanjirou takes a deep breath and blows into the gourd.]Tanjirou	Mmph!!Kiyo, Sumi, NahoYou can do it! You can do it! You can do it!Tanjirou	Mmmph!![Action: Tanjirou blows into the gourd and breaks it.]Kiyo, Sumi, NahoHaha!Tanjirou	It broke!Kiyo, Sumi, NahoYay~!Naho	Now all you have to break is this huge gourd!Tanjirou	Yeah!Kiyo, Sumi, NahoHehehehe!Tanjirou	I did it! Just a little more! Thanks, all of you!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Oh, crap.[Scene: A new day, in the morning. Zenitsu and Inosuke are asleep.]Zenitsu	Ngh… Ngh… Mm…[Action: Zenitsu wakes up and sees that Tanjirou’s bed is empty.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) So, Tanjirou’s already gone off to train. Jeez, it’s the crack of dawn.(Thoughts) Putting in effort isn’t my thing. There’s nothing more draining than persevering every day.[Action: Zenitsu’s sparrow flies onto his arm.]Zenitsu	Oh, it’s you.Maybe getting left behind by Tanjirou is making me panic, but I can’t get the hang of anything even if he shows me for hours.Now I realize that we’re a total lost cause.Wait, did you just say, “Yes, you are”? How can you be so cruel? Would it kill you to say just once, “You’re working hard, too”?Did you just say, “Work harder”? Haa… I guess there’s no way out of it.[Action: Zenitsu picks up his cup of medicine.]Zenitsu	Ngh…[Action: Zenitsu drinks his cup of medicine.]Zenitsu	Gross![Action: Inosuke stands up on his bed.]Zenitsu	Huh?Inosuke	Come on, Monitsu.[Scene: In the Butterfly Manor. Zenitsu and Inosuke speak with Shinobu.]Shinobu	What Tanjirou is trying to master is a skill called “Total Concentration, Constant”.By continuing to do Total Concentration Breathing every second of the day, your basic stamina level will skyrocket.Zenitsu, InosukeHuh…?Shinobu	Heh… Let’s just go ahead and try it![Action: Zenitsu and Inosuke try to maintain their Total Concentration Breathing but can’t.]Zenitsu	Gah!Impossible!! Seriously impossible![Scene: Sometime later. Zenitsu and Inosuke sit with Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	I still can’t sustain Total Concentration Breathing all day unless I really throw myself into it, but I bet you two can do it!You just go like this to make your lungs expand! When that rattles your blood, your bones and muscles will go “Boom, boom”, and you gotta stop it!Zenitsu, InosukeHuh…?Tanjirou	All that’s left to do is train like crazy!Zenitsu, InosukeUrgh…[Action: Zenitsu and Inosuke shake their heads vigorously.]Tanjirou	Ahh…Shinobu	Now, now. We’re talking about a basic skill, or should I say a beginner skill, so why wouldn’t you be able to do it? But it’s also true that one must put great effort into mastering it, right?[Action: Shinobu walks over to Inosuke.]Inosuke	Ah… Mm…[Action: Shinobu pats Inosuke’s shoulder.]Shinobu	Well, why wouldn’t you be able to do it, though?Inosuke	Ngh…Shinobu	I was sure it would be child’s play for you, Inosuke. Are you sure you can’t do it? Even though there’s no reason you can’t do it?It can’t be helped, then, if you can’t do it. Can’t be helped, can’t be helped.Inosuke	Ugh… Ngh…Huh?! I can do it, all right! Why wouldn’t I?! Don’t mess with me, or I swear I’ll rip off your breasts![Action: Shinobu takes Zenitsu’s hands.]Zenitsu	Huh?Shinobu	Please give it your all, Zenitsu! I’m your biggest cheerleader!Zenitsu	Yes, ma’am!Shinobu	Wow! Hahaha![Action: Zenitsu and Inosuke get back to training in the courtyard.]Zenitsu	Urahhh!!Inosuke	Urahhh!Shinobu	Kanao, you’re in the same class, so why don’t you join them?[Action: Kanao bows to Shinobu and walks off to get water. She turns to watch the trio.]Zenitsu	Ngh!!Tanjirou	More! More! Boom! Boom! Boom!Inosuke	You damn wimp!Tanjirou	Boom!!Yeah! You got this, Zenitsu![Action: Kanao flips a coin. It lands on “heads”.][Scene: In the past. A young Kanao is beaten by her father.]Y.Kanao	Ah![Action: Kanao’s father drags her outside and throws her to the ground.]Y.Kanao	Ngh…(Thoughts) It hurts… I’m hungry… I’m sad… I feel hopeless… I’m in agony… I’m lonely…Kanao	(Narration) That was my life. But then, one day, I heard a sound like a snap… and I never knew pain again.[Scene: In the past. Kanao’s owner leads her with a rope tied around her waist.]Kanao	(Narration) I never knew pain again.(Narration) While living in poverty, even when my parents sold me, it didn’t make me feel sad.[Action: Kanae and Shinobu approach Kanao’s owner.]Kanae	Excuse me, do you have a minute?Owner	Huh?Kanae	Could you tell us why that child is all tied up? Is she a criminal, perhaps?Owner	Isn’t it obvious? She’s flea-ridden, and her face is dirty. Not to mention, she might try to escape.Kanae	Hello, there. Nice to meet you.My name is Kanao Kochou. What’s your name?[Action: Kanao is silent.]Kanae	Oh…Owner	She’s got no name, all right? Her parents never gave her one.Happy now? Get away from her.[Action: Kanao’s owner reaches to push Kanae away, but Shinobu slaps his hand away.]Owner	Wha…!Shinobu	Please don’t touch my sister.Owner	What’s your problem, you two?! If you wanna talk to this kid, pay up!Shinobu	All right, then, we’ll purchase her. Would this be enough?[Action: Shinobu throws a bunch of cash into the air.]Owner	Ah…![Action: Shinobu grabs the rope from Kanao’s owner’s hand as the money falls to the ground. Shinobu and Kanae run away with Kanao.]Owner	Hey! Come back here, dammit!Shinobu	I’d pick it up right now if I were you! After all, there’s a crowd here, and the wind is strong!Kanae	Ahh, are you sure about this?Shinobu	It’s fine!Kanae	Please excuse us!Owner	Hands off! It’s my property!Kanae	Oh my, oh my.[Scene: At the Kochou manor. Shinobu cleans Kanao up and goes to Kanae]Shinobu	Sister! Sister! Sister, this child is hopeless!Kanae	Hm?Shinobu	She can’t do anything without being told! That goes for meals, as well! She won’t touch her food unless I tell her to eat! Even as her stomach growls and growls!Kanae	Oh my, oh my.Shinobu	What exactly are we going to do with her?Kanae	Now, now, don’t be like that, okay? I just love that smile of yours, Shinobu.Shinobu	Ngh…!But we can’t do anything with a kid who can’t even think for herself! It’s dangerous!Kanae	Well, you do have a point.Shinobu	She can’t do anything on her own! She can’t decide for herself![Action: Kanae holds a coin out for Kanao.]Kanae	All right, when you’re on your own, you can decide by flipping this coin. Right, Kanao?Shinobu	Sister!Kanae	You don’t have to take this so seriously, you know, since Kanao is so adorable!Shinobu	That’s not a good reason!Kanae	As long as it’s given a chance, a person’s soul will open up, so don’t worry. When you fall in love with some boy someday, you’ll change too, Kanao.[Scene: In the present. Kanao looks at the coin in her hand.]Tanjirou	You’re doing great! Keep it up!Zenitsu	Urahhh!!Tanjirou	Right now! Harder! Bam! That’s it! You can do it, Zenitsu!You’ve got this! Looking good![Scene: Sometime later. A Kasugai crow goes to Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah… Huh?[Action: Tanjirou runs through the hall.]Tanjirou	Inosuke! Inosuke!They’ll be bringing our reforged Nichirin swords soon!Inosuke	For real?Tanjirou	Yeah! I just heard it now from the crow![Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air.]Tanjirou	That’s Mr. Haganezuka’s scent![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke run through the manor.]Inosuke	Yahoo!Tanjirou	Let’s go! Let’s go![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke make it outside.]Inosuke	Yeah! Yahoo!Tanjirou	Mr. Haganezuka! Hey! Hey! Mr. Haganezuka![Action: Tanjirou waves at Haganezuka and Kanamori.]Tanjirou	Long time no see![Action: Haganezuka brings out a cleaver and begins running toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	How have you been…?              Ahh…! Haganezuka Urahh!! Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou dodges Haganezuka’s rush attack.]Tanjirou	M-Mr. Haganezuka?Haganezuka	How dare you snap my sword in two… You’ve got a lot of nerve!Tanjirou	I’m sorry! B-But to be honest, I came this close to being killed! My opponent was insanely strong!Haganezuka	Not true! That has nothing to do with it! You’re the one to blame! It’s all your fault!You’re pitifully weak! That’s why it broke! Otherwise, my sword would never snap like that!Tanjirou	But…Haganezuka	I’m going to kill you![Action: Haganezuka begins chasing Tanjirou around.]Tanjirou	Ahhh!!Shinobu	Is that a new training regimen?Aoi	Probably not.[Scene: Inside the Butterfly Manor. Kanamori sits with Tanjirou. Haganezuka lounges to the side while Insouke sits on the veranda.]Kanamori	Well, Mr. Haganezuka is a very passionate man.Tanjirou	Yes…Kanamori	He loves his swords more than anyone. There’s no one like him even in the sword- forgers’ homeland.Tanjirou	You’re probably right.Haganezuka	Grrr…Kanamori	Oh, my name is Kanamori. I was the one who forged Master Inosuke’s swords.I would be thrilled if they prove useful in battle.[Action: Inosuke holds his new swords, which change to an aqua color.]Kanamori	Ahh, beautiful, aren’t they? The dull sheen of that indigo-grey hue is so cool. It’s a fine color for a sword.Tanjirou	I’m happy for you, Inosuke, since your sword was chipped all over.Inosuke	Huh?Kanamori	How do you like the grips? The thing is, this is the first time I’ve ever forged swords for dual-wielders.[Action: Inosuke stands up and goes to the side of the pond and looks for a rock.]Kanamori	Master Inosuke?Tanjirou	Huh?[Action: Inosuke picks up a large rock.]Kanamori	Hm?[Action: Inosuke picks up the rock and begins smashing it into the blade of his sword.]Inosuke	Ngh… Grr!Tanjirou	Ahhh!!Kanamori	Gahhh!Inosuke	Better.Kanamori	I’ll kill you, you miserable brat!You bastard! Are you flaunting it?!Tanjirou	We’re sorry! We’re sorry!Inosuke	Hmph…[Action: Inosuke begins chipping away at his other sword.]Inosuke	Ngh! Ngh! Ngh!Kanamori	Bastard! That’s it! You’re a dead man!Tanjirou	Ahhh![Scene: In the late evening. Haganezuka and Kanamori leave the Butterfly Manor.]Kanamori	Unbelievable! He’s unbelievable!Tanjirou	We’re sorry! We’re sorry!Kanamori	Taking a stone to those swords? Unbelievable!Tanjirou	We’re sorry![Scene: At night. Tanjirou sleeps soundly as Kiyo, Sumi, and Naho watch.]Naho	Looks like he’ll be fine.Sumi	After all, Master Tanjirou was really giving it his all!Kiyo	Let’s make him some rice balls again!Kiyo, Sumi, NahoYeah![Scene: The next morning. Tanjirou continues his rehabilitation training with Kanao.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) My body’s changed! I can’t wait to swing my sword with these hands! My Nichirin sword![Action: Tanjirou successfully grabs Kanao’s hand.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I did it![Action: Tanjirou continues with reflex training.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Sumi	Good move! You can do it!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Urahh! Don’t let up for a second! You can do it!Urahhh!![Action: Tanjirou grabs a cup of medicated water before Kanao.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I did it! Go!!(Thoughts) This medicated water stinks. It would be cruel to splash her with it.Ah! Urk…[Action: Tanjirou places the cup on Kanao’s head.]Sumi	He won!Kiyo	Does that count as winning?Naho	Either way, it’s the same thing!Tanjirou	Yeah! I did it! I did it!Zenitsu, InosukeOh, crap.[Action: Zenitsu and Inosuke also continue their training.]Zenitsu	Urahhh!!Inosuke	Ngh… Urahh![Scene: A new day. Shinobu examines Tanjirou.]Shinobu	All right! Open up!Tanjirou	Ahh…Shinobu	Okay! Looks like your jaw is as good as new! All right, you can close your mouth now.That concludes this exam. Since you’re physically sound now, you may take on your missions without any misgivings.Tanjirou	So I’m done with my training?Shinobu	Yes. All that’s left for you now is actual combat.Tanjirou	Right!Oh, before I forget, Lady Shinobu… There’s something I wanted to ask you.Shinobu	What would that be?Tanjirou	Have you ever heard of the Hinokami Kagura Dance?Shinobu	I have not.Tanjirou	Huh?! Uh, w-well then, how about Fire Breathing?Shinobu	Never heard of it.Tanjirou	Hiih!Eek!A-Actually, this is something that happened during my childhood.Shinobu	Yes, yes.[Action: Tanjirou tells his tale of the Hinokami Kagura Dance.]Shinobu	I see. So, for some reason, Tanjirou, your father used Fire Breathing.All I can tell you is that while Flame Breathing does exist, it’s not Fire Breathing.Tanjirou	Huh? They’re not the same thing?Shinobu	I’m not familiar with the details myself… Please forgive me. But I do know that they’re very strict about the exact phrasing.“Flame Breathing” must never be referred to as “Fire Breathing”. The Flame Hashira, Rengoku, might know something about this, but unfortunately, he is out on a mission.Tanjirou	Understood! Thank you for all that you’ve taught me. I’ll ask Mr. Rengoku if I ever get a chance to see him again.Shinobu	Right.Tanjirou	Now then, please excuse me!Shinobu	Kamado?Tanjirou	Yes?Shinobu	I’m expecting great things of you.Tanjirou	Ah… Right![Scene: At night. Tanjirou goes to Nezuko’s room. Nezuko is asleep.]Tanjirou	She’s been asleep all day again today.[Action: Tanjirou sits down on Nezuko’s bed.]Tanjirou	I know they said you could be sleeping to recover your stamina, but it does worry me if you don’t open your eyes once in a while.Hey, I’ll probably be leaving this place soon to go on my next mission.I’ve healed physically and I’ve gotten a little stronger, too. And I’m still doing Total Concentration, Constant right now.I think Zenitsu and Inosuke will be with me, too. Having those two by my side gives me confidence.[Action: Nezuko remains silent.]Tanjirou	I see… You think so, too, Nezuko? They’re both good guys.To turn you back into a human, I gotta bring down the strongest demons that I can andsend Miss Tamayo their blood samples.(Thoughts) Am I capable of doing that?Nezuko	(Imagination) I know you can do it, Big Brother.Tanjirou	Huh?[Action: Tanjirou turns to find Nezuko still asleep.]Tanjirou	Thanks, Nezuko. You just encouraged me, didn’t you? I’ll try my hardest, all right?[Scene: On a steam train somewhere.]Woman	Ahh![Action: Blood splatters onto the window as a demon feasts on a human body.]Demon Slayer S.1 E.26Title: New MissionCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Kanao Tsuyuri, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Shinobu Kochou, Giyuu Tomioka, Aoi Kanzaki, Kiyo Terauchi, Sumi Nakahara, Naho Takada, Muzan Kibutsuji, Enmu, Rokuro, Wakuraba, Mukago, KamanueJapanese script from Ohys-Raws (kitsuneko.net)English translation from GogoAnime subtitles (gogoanime.tv) Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At the Butterfly Manor. Tanjirou does his reflex training with Kanao.]Zenitsu, InosukeAhh…Tanjirou	Ngh!Zenitsu	Amazing…Inosuke	Look at them go…Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Kanao grabs a cup of medicated water.]Tanjirou	Ah!Aoi	That’s it!Tanjirou	Phew… You sure are fast, Kanao!Aoi	Your record is now ten wins and ten losses.Tanjirou	I’m totally not done yet.Let’s go for a run. Are you up to it?Zenitsu	You mean while doing Total Concentration, Constant?Tanjirou	Yeah.[Action: Tanjirou slaps Zenitsu’s stomach.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Zenitsu	Keep this up the whole time?Inosuke	Monjirou![Action: Inosuke rips open his shirt. Zenitsu punches Inosuke’s abs.]Zenitsu	Take this!Inosuke	That’s nothing!Zenitsu	Ngh… You’re all brawn and no brains!Tanjirou	Let’s go![Scene: In the past, a few months earlier. Nakime plays her biwa, summoning the Lower Twelve Kizuki.]Kamanue	Ah…(Thoughts) Where the hell is this place?(Thoughts) Was it that woman’s Blood Demon Art? Looks like the whole space is distorted around that woman.[Action: Nakime plays her biwa a few more times.]Kamanue	(Thoughts) Only the Lower Ranks of the Twelve Kizuki have been summoned. That’s never happened before.(Thoughts) Lower Five isn’t here yet.[Action: Nakime plays her biwa, summoning the five Lower Twelve Kizuki to one area.]Kamanue	Ah…Kizuki	Ah…Kamanue	(Thoughts) It just moved! Blood Demon Art again?Ah…[Action: Kibutsuji stands on a platform above the Lower Twelve Kizuki in the form of a woman.]Kamanue	(Thoughts) What’s the deal with this woman? (Thoughts) Who is she?Kibutsuji	Lower your heads and crouch down.Kamanue	Ah…!Kibutsuji	Prostrate yourselves.[Action: The Lower Twelve Kizuki bow to Kibutsuji.]Kamanue	(Thoughts) It’s Master Muzan! That’s Master Muzan’s voice! I didn’t recognize him!(Thoughts) He’s changed his appearance and aura. The precision of his shape-shifting is mind-blowing!Mukago	P-Please forgive us! Since you’ve assumed a different form and aura…Kibutsuji	Who gave you permission to speak?Mukago	Ah…Kibutsuji	Don’t presume to voice your worthless thoughts. Answer my questions. Nothing else.Rui was killed. I’m talking about Lower Five.I have but one question to ask of you. Why is it that you demons in the Lower Ranks are so utterly weak?You shouldn’t be satisfied with just being counted among the Twelve Kizuki. That is merely your starting point. To devour more humans, to gain more power… Your starting point for becoming useful to me…For over a century, the members of the Upper Rank Twelve Kizuki have remained unchanged. It’s always been the demons in the Upper Ranks who’ve disposed of those Hashira Demon Slayers. But what about you demons in the Lower Ranks? How many times have you been replaced?Kamanue	(Thoughts) That’s easy for you to say, but we…Kibutsuji	“That’s easy for you to say, but we”…What? Go ahead and say it.Kamanue	(Thoughts) He can read my mind? I’m screwed!Kibutsuji	Screwed how? Go ahead and say it.[Action: Kibutsuji’s arm reaches out and grabs Kamanue.]Kamanue	Please forgive me, Master Kibutsuji!Please! Please show me mercy!I’m truly sorry! I’m truly sorry! I’m truly – Ah… Ahh![Action: Kibutsuji’s arm eats Kamanue.]Wakuraba	(Thoughts) Why is this happening?(Thoughts) Am I going to be killed? After all I went through to become a Twelve Kizuki… Why? Why?(Thoughts) I thought I was going to do more and more!Kibutsuji	Are you more afraid of the Demon Slayers than you are of me?Mukago	No!Kibutsuji	Every time you run into a Demon Slayer Hashira, the only thing on your mind is escape.Mukago	Oh no, that’s not what I’m thinking! I’ll put my own life on the line to fight for you!Kibutsuji	Are you refuting what I just said?Mukago	Ahh…[Action: Kibutsuji kills Mukago.]Wakuraba	(Thoughts) No good! It’s over!(Thoughts) Our minds are being read. Whether we agree or disagree with him, he’s still going to kill us!(Thoughts) We can’t possibly beat him in battle, either! In that case…[Action: Wakuraba flies through the distorted space.]Rokuro	Ah…Wakuraba	(Thoughts) … the only option is to run!Enmu	(Thoughts) What a fool.Wakuraba	(Thoughts) Just make it out of here somehow! Somehow! Now that I’ve gotten this far away…[Action: Kibutsuji holds Wakuraba’s head in his hand.]Kibutsuji	I believe that the Twelve Kizuki are better off consisting of just the Upper Ranks. I am now dismantling the Lower Ranks.Wakuraba	(Thoughts) He got me?(Thoughts) No way… Was it that Biwa Player’s technique? No, I didn’t hear any biwa sounds.(Thoughts) Guh… Why? I can’t regenerate my body.[Action: Kibutsuji tosses Wakuraba’s head to the ground.]Kibutsuji	Do you have any last words?Rokuro	I can still be of use to you! If you could give me just a short reprieve, I swear I’ll be of use to you!Kibutsuji	How long a reprieve are you asking for, specifically? How do you intend to be useful?What exactly can you accomplish with your current skills?Rokuro	Ah… Your blood!If you could give me a share of your blood, I will acclimate without fail! I will fight for you as an even more powerful demon!Kibutsuji	What makes you think you can order me to give you my blood? You’re beyond shameless. Remember who you are.Rokuro	Ah… You misunderstood me! You misunderstood me! I just…!Kibutsuji	Shut up. I misunderstood nothing.I’m never mistaken about anything. I’m the one who calls all the shots. My word is absolute.Rokuro	Ah…Kibutsuji	You have no right to reject what I say. Whatever I say is right is the right thing.You tried to tell me what to do. You deserve to die.[Action: Kibutsuji kills Rokuro, leaving only Enmu.]Kibutsuji	Do you have any last words?Wakuraba	(Thoughts) He’ll end up killed, too. Everything hinges on the Master’s mood. I’ll be dead soon myself.Enmu	Well, let’s see…Ahh… This is like a dream for me. To die by your hand in person, and I so enjoyed hearing the other demons’ last gasps!I feel so blessed… Because I love to see others in despair and agony. Because it’s like a dream come true for me! I thank you for leaving me for last![Action: Enmu is stabbed with Kibutsuji’s arm.]Enmu	Ah! Gah… Guh! Guh… Aah…[Action: Kibutsuji pumps his blood into Enmu. Enmu writhes in pain.]Kibutsuji	That’s what I like to hear. I’m going to give you an ample share of my blood. Although you might not be able to withstand the volume of blood and die.Enmu	Gah…Kibutsuji	Still, if you do manage to acclimate, you’re sure to acquire even greater strength. Make yourself useful to me, then. Kill the Demon Slayer Hashira.If you can kill the Demon Slayer wearing hanafuda-like earrings, I’ll give you even more of my blood.Enmu	Ugh! Gah…[Action: Nakime plays her biwa, opening a door for Kibutsuji and sending Enmu back to the real world.]Enmu	Ngh…(Thoughts) What’s this? I see something! It’s gushing into me along with Master Muzan’s blood…[Action: Enmu sees a vision of Tanjirou.]Enmu	Fufu… Fufufu… If I kill the Hashira and this kid, I can get more blood! It’s like a dream![Scene: In the present, at the Butterfly Manor. A Kasugai crow flies to the window.]Crow	It’s morning! Wake up!Inosuke	What the heck?Zenitsu	Huh? What’s going on?Crow	The casualties of the Infinite Train are increasing.More than 40 are now missing. You are to join Kyoujurou Rengoku on site. Head west at once![Scene: At the Demon Slayers headquarters. Shinobu meets with Kagaya.]Kagaya	I have decided to send Tanjirou and the others on the Infinite Train mission.Shinobu, may I ask what made you recommend Tanjirou?Shinobu	Tanjirou has a pure soul and is capable of striving hard on a daily basis. And the upside that he showed exceeded my expectations.Above all else, he has a clear goal in mind. To defeat Kibutsuji.Kagaya	As far as that goes, I’m in agreement with you.Shinobu	Also, Tanjirou himself told me that his father had used the Fire Breathing technique.Kagaya	Oh?Shinobu	At this time, there’s no denying that he still has a way to go, but perhaps Rengoku, the Flame Hashira, might be able to provide some guidance.Kagaya	Yes. Considering his sister, who won’t devour humans even after becoming a demon, as well as his encounter with Kibutsuji, it might very well be Tanjirou’s destiny.[Scene: In the Butterfly Manor. Tanjirou walks through the halls.]Tanjirou	All right, time to go![Action: Around a corner, Genya walks toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh? Someone’s coming.[Action: Genya bumps into Tanjirou but continues walking.]Tanjirou	Ohh…(Thoughts) He bumped into me even though I got out of the way. (Thoughts) Huh? That guy just now… Was he at the Final Selection? (Thoughts) He got such an amazing build in such a short time. (Thoughts) But I wonder why… his scent…Long time no see! Glad to see you’re doing well![Action: Genya continues walking away.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Scene: In the courtyard. Aoi hangs some laundry.]Aoi	Is that so? You’re heading out now?It was only for a short time, but I’m glad we got to spend that time together. Good luck to you.Take care.Tanjirou	Thank you so much for looking out for us when you were so busy! Thanks to you, we can go back into battle!Aoi	No need to thank me.After all, I survived the Final Selection only by luck. And then I was too afraid to go into battle. I’m a coward.Tanjirou	Hey, that doesn’t matter.Aoi	Ah…Tanjirou	Since you helped me out, Miss Aoi, you’re part of me now. And I’m carrying all of your emotions onto the battlefield with me!Aoi	Ah…Tanjirou	All right! Look after me if I get hurt again, okay?[Scene: On the veranda overlooking the courtyard. Kanao sits by herself.]Tanjirou	Hey! There you are!Kanao!We’re heading out now. Thanks for everything![Action: Kanao smiles silently at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ahh…[Action: Kanao brings out her coin.]Tanjirou	Oh! What’s that?[Action: Kanao flips her coin. It lands on “tails”.]Kanao	All I did was follow the Master’s orders. There’s no need for you to thank me. Farewell.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hey, she talked to me!What was that you just flipped?Kanao	Farewell.Tanjirou	Money? It says “heads” and “tails”, huh? Why did you flip it?Kanao	Farewell.Tanjirou	You really made it twirl around!Kanao	I flip this to decide what I haven’t been ordered to do. I just decided whether or not to speak with you.“Don’t speak” was heads, and “speak” was tails. Because it came up tails, I spoke to you. Farewell.Tanjirou	Why don’t you decide for yourself? What did you want to do, Kanao? Kanao	It doesn’t matter. Nothing matters to me, so I can’t decide for myself. Tanjirou	I don’t think there’s anything in this world that doesn’t matter.I guess… the voice in your heart is really tiny.Hmm… Sure, following orders is important, but… Ah! Hey, can I borrow that for a second?Kanao	Huh? Yes…[Action: Kanao gives Tanjirou her coin.]Tanjirou	Thanks![Action: Tanjirou runs out to the middle of the courtyard.]Tanjirou	Okay! Let’s toss this to decide!Kanao	Decide what?Tanjirou	Whether or not… you’re going to listen hard to the voice in your own heart from now on![Action: Tanjirou flicks the coin into the air.]Tanjirou	Ahh! I flipped it too high!Heads! Let’s make it heads! If it comes up heads, Kanao, you’re going to follow your heart![Action: The coin starts coming down, but a strong wind blows.]Kanao	Mm…Tanjirou	Ah! Huh? Where did it go? Ahh!Oh, is that it? Ngh![Action: Tanjirou catches the coin.]Tanjirou	Got it! Got it, Kanao!Kanao	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou walks back to Kanao.]Tanjirou	Ready, Kanao?Kanao	(Thoughts) Which is it? His back was blocking it, so I couldn’t see it the moment it fell.[Action: Tanjirou removes his hand, revealing “heads”.]Tanjirou	It’s heads!Kanao![Action: Tanjirou holds out the coin for Kanao. She goes to take it, and Tanjirou grabs her hands.]Tanjirou	Good luck!Kanao	Ah…Tanjirou	It’s the heart that drives people. So, your heart can grow as strong as you want it to!Kanao	Ah…Tanjirou	All right! See you again someday![Action: Tanjirou runs off.]Kanao	H-How did you make it come up heads?[Action: Tanjirou stops and turns back to Kanao.]Kanao	(Thoughts) I saw his hand when he flipped it. I’m sure he didn’t cheat.Tanjirou	Just by chance. And if it was tails, I was going to keep tossing it over and over until it came up heads! Hehehe!Kanao	Ah…Tanjirou	Take care![Action: Tanjirou runs off, and Kanao clutches the coin to her chest.][Scene: Sometime later. Kiyo, Sumi, and Naho present Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke with large gourds. The three boys blow into the gourds.]Kiyo, Sumi, NahoYou can do it! You can do it! You can do it![Action: Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke break the gourds.]Kiyo, Sumi, NahoYay![Action: Kiyo holds out a basket of rice balls to the boys.]Kiyo	Here you go.Inosuke	Ahh…Tanjirou	Thanks!Inosuke	Heh…[Action: Inosuke reaches for a rice ball, but Zenitsu stops him.]Zenitsu	Don’t eat it now!Kiyo, Sumi,	Please go out and defeat tons of demons.NahoTanjirou	We’ll do our best.Zenitsu	I told you not to eat it now!Inosuke	Shut up!Zenitsu	Don’t tell me to shut up!Tanjirou	Hm?[Action: Tanjirou turns to see Tomioka and runs up to him.]Tanjirou	Mr. Tomioka!Tomioka	Are you heading into battle now?Tanjirou	Yes!Tomioka	I hear that you’ve mastered Total Concentration, Constant.Tanjirou	Yes!Tomioka	You should keep at it.Tanjirou	Yes.Mr. Tomioka… About Nezuko… Thank you very much.I had no idea you were putting your life on the line. I just don’t know how I can ever thank you.Tomioka	You can thank me by doing good work.Our mission as Demon Slayers is to kill demons. That’s all.[Action: Tomioka disappears.]Tanjirou	Right!Kiyo, Sumi, NahoWahh!Tanjirou	Ah…Kiyo	Take care, you guys!Zenitsu	You’re all heartbroken to say goodbye to me, aren’t you? I can stay behind if you want!Kiyo	Master Zenitsu, please try to learn how to be considerate and respectful of girls.Zenitsu	Right…Inosuke	I’m feeling giddy.Zenitsu	But you do feel a little sad that I’m leaving, don’t you?!Kiyo, Sumi, NahoWe are not sad!Tanjirou	Okay! You guys! We’re heading out now![Scene: In the late evening, at the train station. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke prepare to board the Infinite Train.]Inosuke	Hey… Hey! Hey!Wha… Wh-Wha… What the hell is this creature?!I bet this is that thing! The master of this land! The ruler of this land!See how long it is? So intimidating! No mistake! It looks like it’s asleep right now, but don’t let your guard down!Zenitsu	Uh, no, it’s a train. Haven’t you ever seen one before?Inosuke	Shush! Calm down! I’ll lead the charge![Action: Inosuke prepares to fight the train.]Tanjirou	Hold up, Inosuke!Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	You never know, it might be the guardian spirit of this land. Also, you shouldn’t attack all of a sudden.Zenitsu	No, didn’t you hear me? It’s a train.A railway train, all right? It’s a vehicle for transporting people. You country bumpkin!Tanjirou	Huh? A train? So is that what the crow was talking about?[Action: Inosuke walks toward the station building.]Tanjirou, ZenitsuHuh?Zenitsu	What’s his problem?Inosuke	Grr… Woohoo! Coming through![Action: Inosuke charges the train and headbutts it.]Zenitsu	Stop it! Talk about embarrassing!Attendants	What are you doing?! Hey, you![Action: Two station attendants run at Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke.]Zenitsu	Erk!Attendants	Ah! Hey, these guys have swords!The police! Call the police!Zenitsu	Oh, crap! Crap, crap, crap! Run!![Scene: Later that night. Zenitsu scolds Inosuke.]Zenitsu	Thanks to you, we went through hell, Inosuke! Say you’re sorry!Inosuke	Huh?! In the first place, why did we have to run from the police?!Zenitsu	We Demon Slayers aren’t officially recognized by the government! We can’t really walk around in broad daylight with our swords. They wouldn’t believe us even if we explained about the demons, and it would only confuse them.Tanjirou	Even though we’re working so hard?Zenitsu	Well, it can’t be helped. For now, let’s hide our swords on our backs.Inosuke	Hahaha… Fufufu…[Action: Inosuke shows off his swords resting on his back.]Zenitsu	You can totally see them. Put on some clothes, idiot.[Action: The train fires up and starts moving.]Zenitsu	Oh, crap! The train’s leaving! Are the police still around?Tanjirou	We’ll have to go even if they are.Inosuke	Haha~!I’m taking you on, master of this land![Action: Inosuke runs toward the train.]Zenitsu	Hey, idiot![Action: Tanjirou runs past Zenitsu.]Tanjirou	We should go, too![Action: Zenitsu runs toward the train.]Attendants	Hey, you three![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke jump on the train while Zenitsu trails behind.]Zenitsu	Tanjirou! Inosuke!Tanjirou	Zenitsu!Inosuke	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke pull Zenitsu up onto the back of the train.]Zenitsu	Ahh…Inosuke	Haha! Man, it’s fast!Zenitsu	Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Hm?Zenitsu	Are you sure about bringing Nezuko along? Wouldn’t the Demon Slayer CorpsHeadquarters be the safest place for her?Tanjirou	Heh… No, it’s fine.Wherever we go, Nezuko and I will be together. We’re never going to be apart again.(Past thoughts) I’m gonna save you, no matter what! I swear your big brother will save you, no matter what!(Flashback) Muzan Kibutsuji! I’m not letting you get away! No matter where you go!(Thoughts) Nezuko and I are staying together. We’re not going to live apart from each other.(Flashback) The bond between Nezuko and me… can’t be… severed by anyone! (Thoughts) Nezuko, I swear…Demon Slayer S.2 E.01Title: Flame Hashira Kyojuro RengokuCharacter List:Kyoujurou Rengoku (Rengoku), Slasher demon, Tomi, Fuku, Tatsu, Shinjurou Rengoku, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, chief, station master (Master), maintenance workers (Worker), demon slayers, train crewmen, kasugai crowJapanese script from AnimeKaizoku (kitsunekko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: On the Mugen Train. A train crewman walks through the aisle. The light behind him flickers.]Crewman	Ah… Ahh…[Action: The crewman sees something in the window of the next train car.]Crewman	Ah! Ngh![Action: The crewman runs toward the next train car.]Crewman	Ahh![Action: The crewman is killed. His body slides down the window.][Scene: In the evening, at a noodle shop. A Demon Slayer member enters the shop. Rengoku eats a bowl of noodles.]Rengoku	Delicious!Slayer	Ah…[Action: Rengoku continues eating his noodles.]Rengoku	Delicious!Delicious!!Slayer	Flame Hashira, forgive me for interrupting your meal.Rengoku	Okay! Take a seat here.Mister, bring this young man the same thing I’m having![Action: The shop owner nods. The Demon Slayer member sits across from Rengoku.]Slayer	Are you sure it’s okay?Rengoku	Of course! I’ll have another bowl myself!Owner	You sure eat with gusto, don’t you? Just sit tight.[Action: The shop owner begins preparing another bowl of noodles.]Slayer	Flame Hashira, your work last night was stellar.Rengoku	No. It was after the demon fled, after all. How’s the injured woman doing?Slayer	According to the doctor, her wounds won’t leave her with any scars.Rengoku	I see. Good thing she got treated early.Slayer	Yes. It’s thanks to your heroics.[Action: The shop owner serves the noodles to Rengoku and the other Demon Slayer member.]Slayer	Thank you for the meal![Action: The shop owner puts a plate of tempura down.]Rengoku	What’s this?Owner	That’s my treat.Rengoku	Appreciate it![Action: The Demon Slayer member eats some noodles.]Slayer	Ah… Delicious!Mister, I bet you’d really thrive if you set up shop in Ueno!Owner	What do you know about it? Rengoku	Mister, how’s business these days? Owner	How’s it look to you?Rengoku	Sorry.Owner	Thanks to all the talk about that Slasher being at large around here, people just stopped coming out at night.I even had to let my workers go.They say that a conductor got killed the other day.On top of that, do you know that the Mugen Train is out of service now? Rumor has it that around 40 of its passengers just disappeared without a trace.Rengoku	Oh… It sounds ominous.Slayer	Flame Hashira, getting back to why I’m here… we’ve located the Mugen Train.We’ve received word that it was secretly transported to a certain train shed.Rengoku	Is that right?[Action: Rengoku takes a bite of the tempura.]Rengoku	Mm… Delicious![Scene: Later that night. Rengoku and the other Demon Slayer leave the restaurant and head toward the train station.]Slayer	Will we be heading to the Mugen Train?Rengoku	Right. But first… let’s inspect the station where the conductor’s body was found.[Scene: In the train station. Fuku sits on the ground outside Tomi’s bento shop.]Fuku	Haa…Tomi	Fuku, enough of that sighing. Go on and eat your bean paste bun.Fuku	Yeah…Not many customers today again, right?Tomi	I know that I say this every day, but it’s dangerous to be out after dark. Tomorrow, you can start helping out in the afternoon. Since the demons come out at night.[Scene: Near the train platform. Rengoku and the other Demon Slayer stand outside.]Crow	All clear!Slayer	I took a look around the area, but there was nothing amiss.Rengoku	Right.Fuku	There aren’t any demons!Rengoku, SlayerHm?Fuku	You’re bringing up demons again? Just stop, will you? I have to sell as many bento boxes as I can!It’s hard enough with my mother being pregnant, and I heard that my father’s shop isn’t doing well.Tomi	Haa…[Action: Tomi puts down a cookbook on her table.]Tomi	You can leave that kind of worrying to us adults. I’ll take care of things in the early mornings and nighttime by myself, okay?Fuku	And what are we going to do if you get attacked by the Slasher, too?!Tomi	I would be more than happy to sacrifice my life for yours.Fuku	Grandma![Action: Rengoku approaches the bento shop.]Fuku	Ah…Rengoku	Well, good evening! The moon is exquisite tonight, is it not? I’m searching for a demon. You haven’t seen one, have you?Slayer	What?! Just like that?!Crow	Lord Kyoujurou! You’re being far too blunt!Tomi	Ahh…Rengoku	Hm? Ma’am, is there something you can tell me?[Action: Fuku stands up and blocks Tomi.]Fuku	Ngh!D-Demon? What kind of talk is that? Wh-What’s wrong with you? Stay away from us!Rengoku	Look out!If you keep shaking like that, you’ll end up dropping your precious bean paste bun!Fuku	Stay away from me![Action: Fuku throws her bean paste bun at Rengoku’s face. It hits his forehead.]Tomi	Ahh…Slayer	Ah![Action: Rengoku removes the bean paste bun from his face.]Slayer	Ah…[Action: Rengoku takes a bite of the bean paste bun.]Rengoku	Delicious!!Fuku	I don’t believe in demons! There’s no way there could be any, and you know it!Tomi	Fuku, that’s enough.[Action: Tomi puts her hands on Fuku’s shoulders.]Tomi	I don’t believe this man is a bad person.Fuku	Ah… Ngh…I’m sorry. I feel like I’m always on edge these days because of the Slasher incidents.Rengoku	If what I was just told is correct, you two start working while it’s still dark out and come to sell us those bento boxes. I couldn’t be more thankful.No one should ever hurt people like you.But you can rest easy now! I’ll take care of the Slasher!Fuku	Who in the world are you?Rengoku	All right, then![Action: Rengoku begins to walk away.]Fuku	Excuse me!Rengoku	Hm?Fuku	Um… If you don’t mind, could you maybe buy some bento boxes?Rengoku	That’s a good idea! Okay… I’ll buy them all![Action: Rengoku buys all the bento boxes, leaving the other Demon Slayer to carry them.]Slayer	A-Ahh…Excuse me, Flame Hashira…Rengoku	That’ll make a splendid gift for the other Corps members.I’ll be going on alone now. Thanks for your hard work. Goodbye.[Action: Rengoku heads for the platform. Tomi locks up the bento shop.]Fuku	What was that all about? I’m glad he bought all those bento boxes, but…Tomi	Let’s hurry home now, Fuku. I’m getting a really bad feeling. I can feel a chill going down my spine.Fuku	Grandma?[Action: The train waiting at the platform takes off.][Scene: On the train. Another crew member walks down the aisle.]Crewman	Ah…[Action: The crewman sees Rengoku sitting in a seat in the next train car.]Crewman	Ahh…![Action: The crewman goes to confront Rengoku.]Crewman	Ngh! Wh-Who are you?![Action: Rengoku unwraps a bunch of bento boxes.]Rengoku	I’m a bento vendor, as you can see! I am in no way suspicious!Crow	Caw!Crewman	But this train is heading to the shed now…Rengoku	Right! I’m aware of that. I heard that’s where I can find the Mugen Train. That’s the one I have business with.Crewman	The Mugen Train? If that’s the one you’re looking for, it’s no longer in the shed.Rengoku	Is that right?Crewman	It was transported to a well-equipped maintenance facility this morning. That one over there.[Action: The crewman points to a building outside the window.]Rengoku	Oh.[Action: Rengoku moves to the back of the train.]Rengoku	All right, then this is where I’m getting off!Crewman	What?!What do you mean by “get off”?[Action: Rengoku jumps from the back of the train.]Crewman	Ahh![Action: Rengoku jumps to the next railroad track and walks toward the maintenance shed.][Scene: At the maintenance shed. Rengoku stands before the Mugen Train.]Rengoku	The Mugen Train… I see. Though faint, the trace of a demon remains.Chief	Hey, you!This place is off-limits!Rengoku	Hey! I was sent here by the Railway Bureau to deliver these bento boxes.Chief	Oh? Hey! He says he brought us bento boxes![Action: Other maintenance workers appear to eat the food.]Chief	Hey, take one to Tatsu. He’s resting in the office.Worker	Yes, sir!Rengoku	Why was the Mugen Train brought here?Chief	Heh… Right, when there’s no way it’s a problem with the body. Word on the street is that it’s a man-eating train. You don’t know how bitter that makes us.So now that it’s being put back into service, we want to do all we can to get her back into shape and send her back out into the world.Rengoku	Back into service?Chief	Yeah, tomorrow night. That’s why we’re all here --[Action: Rengoku senses something.]Worker	Ahh![Action: Rengoku heads toward the back of the maintenance shed.]Crow	Demon! There’s a demon here![Action: The worker drops the bento box and quivers on the ground.]Worker	A-Ahh… Ah…[Action: Rengoku prepares to draw his sword. The Slasher demon turns around and holds Tatsu hostage.]Slasher	Woah there!Tatsu	Eek…Chief	Tatsu!Rengoku	All of you, step back.Tatsu	Chief!Chief	You bastard…Rengoku	Let the boy go!Slasher	A Demon Slayer? How arrogant.Ugh! What’s this stench?[Action: The Slasher demon smashes the bento box with his foot.]Slasher	Ngh!Rengoku	Ngh…Slasher	Ever since I became a demon, I can’t stand human food. It’s so disgusting. Rengoku	That bento box was made with love by people I know. I can’t just ignore that. Slasher	If it’s revolting, it’s revolting.Hey, boy, your blood smells like it might be revolting, too.Tatsu	Ngh…[Action: The Slasher demon digs his fingers into Tatsu’s chest.]Slasher	I’ll just devour the humans that seem tasty, but the ones that taste bad… I’ll show myself a good time by tormenting them all night!Rengoku	So that’s what this is about, Slasher?I find you offensive.Slasher	If you don’t like me, then…[Action: The Slasher demon launches himself forward and bounces around the area quickly.]Slasher	… let’s see you slash me!Chief	Wha… What’s going on?Workers	Ahh![Action: The other workers flee the area. The Slasher demon appears behind Rengoku.]Slasher	No one’s ever been able to stop me.[Action: The Slasher demon launches himself at Rengoku.]Slasher	I’m the fastest… of them all!Rengoku	Ngh![Action: Rengoku slices at the Slasher, but he dodges the attack and jumps into the air. He lands some distance away.]Slasher	Hey, sorry about that. You can’t bring yourself to slash me with this kid in my arms.Should I just be considerate and kill him off?Tatsu	H-Help me!Rengoku	Don’t worry. I’m going to save you, no matter what!Slasher	Not on your life. Just yesterday… I slashed this other woman until I was sick of it.Rengoku	I see. Now I know how fast you are.But I wouldn’t get cocky if I were you. Last night, we thought you’d fled because we showed up, but apparently, you never even detected us.It’s true that you’re quick to escape at least.Slasher	What?Rengoku	We were able to treat your victim from last night right away.She’ll recover without even a single scar.Slasher	Hah! Even if she does survive, she’s doomed to be consumed by fear for the rest of her life.Rengoku	I won’t let that happen! We’re going to treat the wounds of her soul, no matter how hard it may be to heal them, for as long as it takes!Slasher	Heh… I’ll show that self-righteous face of yours a thing or two. I’m going to go kill that woman again!Rengoku	We’re keeping her hidden. You’ll never find her.Slasher	Ngh… Hm?[Action: The Slasher demon looks over at the smashed bento box.]Slasher	Heh… All right, then those bento vendors…Rengoku	They have nothing to do with me!Slasher	But you know them, right? Those are station bento boxes, right? I can find out where they’re from.[Action: Rengoku prepares to launch forward. The Slasher demon guards himself with Tatsu’s body.]Tatsu	Ngh…Slasher	Don’t move!Rengoku	You do offend me, you know.Slasher	Well I’m enjoying this! If you want to save them, then get to the station before me. Before that happens… I’ll have to kill this one![Action: Rengoku launches forward and slices the Slasher demon’s arms off.]Rengoku	Ngh!Slasher	Ngh…[Action: The Slasher demon escapes. Rengoku catches Tatsu before he falls to the ground.]Rengoku	Ngh…Tatsu	Ugh…[Action: The Slasher demon stops in the doorway.]Slasher	Tsk…[Action: The Slasher demon runs to the entrance of the maintenance shed. He stops and looks back.]Slasher	Heh…[Action: The Slasher demon’s arms regenerate.]Slasher	I’ll be going on ahead.[Action: The Slasher demon speeds along the train tracks.]Slasher	Hahaha![Action: Rengoku bandages Tatsu’s wounds.]Chief	Please… Please save him!Rengoku	It’ll be okay. Just leave it to me.Also, my friends will be coming soon.Crow	This way! This way! This way![Action: A group of Demon Slayer members arrive.]Slayer	Lord Rengoku!Rengoku	Where’s the medical squad?Slayer	They’re on their way.Rengoku	I’ve given him first aid. I’m leaving the rest to you.[Action: The Demon Slayer member nods. Rengoku heads off toward the train station.]Rengoku	Phew…(Thoughts) Total Concentration Breathing.[Action: Rengoku picks up speed and barrels down the tracks.][Scene: In the streets. Tomi pulls a cart of bento boxes as Fuku pushes it from behind.]Tomi	Really, you don’t listen, do you?Fuku	If I say I’m going to help, then I’m going to help![Action: Tomi and Fuku arrive at the train station.]Fuku	Good morning!Master	Hey! You’re as early as ever![Action: The Slasher demon speeds along the tracks and stops at the train station. He sniffs the air.]Slasher	I can smell them.[Action: Fuku sets up the bento stand.]Fuku	All right![Action: The Slasher demon walks around the corner.]Fuku	Huh?Station Master?Slasher	It smells. It smells!It’s you, isn’t it? The one who’s got the stink of those bento boxes clinging to her![Action: The Slasher demon begins to approach Fuku.]Fuku	Ah…Slasher	Don’t take this personally. It’s all that Demon Slayer’s fault![Action: Tomi throws a bento box at the Slasher demon’s head.]Slasher	Ngh… Gahh!Tomi	Make a run for it, Fuku![Action: The Slasher demon coughs and gags.]Fuku	Ah!Slasher	What’s the big idea, you hag?Fuku	Ahh! Ngh… Ahh…[Action: Fuku runs to a back door leading to the platform. She jumps over the guard rail and runs toward the train tracks. The Slasher demon appears in front of her.]Fuku	Ahh…[Action: The Slasher demon begins strangling Fuku against the train tracks.]Fuku	Ahh… Ah…Slasher	Heh…Ah…![Action: The Slasher demon prepares to attack Fuku. Rengoku barrels down the train tracks, slices the Slasher demon’s ankles, and brings Fuku to safety.]Fuku	Y-You’re…Rengoku	You’re not hurt, are you?Fuku	Ah… Grandma![Action: The Slasher demon drags his leg along as he hobbles away.]Slasher	Damn!Tomi	Ah… Ahh…[Action: Tomi backs away from the Slasher demon and falls down.]Tomi	Ahh…!Slasher	Hey, old hag… You’re going to wish you hadn’t…[Action: Rengoku walks out from the platform. The Slasher demon, leg healed, turns his attention to Rengoku.]Slasher	How the hell… did you catch up to me?Rengoku	I thought I told you not to get cocky.Slasher	Ngh… Grr…Why don’t we see who’s faster? Whether I can slash this old hag’s throat first or you can claim my head first!Rengoku	No need to put it to the test. You’re…[Action: Rengoku launches forward and beheads the Slasher demon.]Rengoku	… too slow!Flame Breathing… First Form. Unknowing Fire.Tomi	Ahh… Ah…[Action: Tomi remembers Shinjurou, who had saved her once before in the past. Rengoku’s mannerisms as he puts his swords away match that of his father’s.]Shinjurou	(Flashback) Phew…[Action: Tomi begins to cry.]Tomi	Y-You… saved us, didn’t you? Twice.Fuku	Grandma…Tomi	I’ll never forget that face, that haori…Fuku’s mother… and I… Twenty years ago, you saved our lives.Fuku	Grandma, what are you talking about?Rengoku	That must’ve been my father.Tomi	Ahh…Rengoku	I’m following in my father’s footsteps by slaying demons.I’m honored to have protected you just as my father did.[Action: Fuku falls to her knees.]Fuku	Ahh… I still can’t believe it.I’m sorry for saying that there couldn’t be any demons, Grandma.Rengoku	Hahahaha!No! That’s how it should be! Not knowing about demons, never running into one… There’s no better way to live out your life!Fuku	Ah… Heh…Slayer	Flame Hashira! Are you all right?![Action: The first Demon Slayer and the medical team arrive.]Rengoku	I only just took care of it now. Slayer	Thank you for a job well done! Rengoku	Right!Slayer	So what about the Mugen Train?Rengoku	The maintenance work will be done tonight, and it’s going back into service tomorrow.Slayer	I’m glad to hear that! So all’s well that ends well, right?Rengoku	It’s a little too soon to be saying that. A demon who has devoured more than 40 people is surely on a different level than this one.Slayer	Ah… Then, the Slasher was only here to serve as a distraction?Rengoku	That might very well be true. Either way, there’s a different demon on the Mugen Train.A demon who’s far more powerful and mysterious is lurking somewhere.Slayer	Tomorrow, to the Mugen Train, then.Rengoku	Needless to say, I’ll be boarding it!Actually, it’s today now![Scene: Later that day, at the noodle shop. A customer addresses the shop owner.]Man	Hey, Pops, did you hear?Owner	Huh?Man	They say that the Mugen Train is back in service.Owner	Oh? I just hope nothing odd happens again.[Scene: In the evening. Rengoku prepares to board the Mugen Train. Fuku approaches Rengoku with a tray of bento boxes.]Fuku	Excuse me!Rengoku	Hey there, bento vendor!Fuku	I don’t know what to say to thank you for this morning.[Action: Tomi holds out a bento box for Rengoku.]Tomi	Please take these. This is all we have to give you.Rengoku	Ah! The thing is, I missed out on having one last night! Nothing could make me happier![Action: Rengoku takes the bento box.]Rengoku	But I will pay for it.Fuku	No, it’s the thought that counts!Rengoku	Is that right? Then let me accept this one and buy all the rest that you have there!Fuku	What?![Action: Rengoku packs his bento boxes for the train.]Tomi	Please be careful.Fuku	Please stop by again if you’re in the area!Rengoku	I promise to tell my father about you two. I’m sure he’ll be thrilled.Now then, take care! Let’s meet again one day![Action: Rengoku heads to the platform. The Mugen Train pulls up, and people begin to board.]Inosuke	Wha… Wh-What… What the hell is this creature?![Action: Fuku sells bento boxes along the train.]Fuku	Here’s your first-class bento! That will be 36 sen, please! Would you like some tea orsake with that?Inosuke	Comin’ through!Fuku	Huh?[Action: Inosuke headbutts the train.]Zenitsu	Stop it! You’re embarrassing us!Fuku	What’s going on?[Action: In the train, a boy and a girl pass each other. The train whistle sounds, and it begins to move. A boy coughs into a cloth. Rengoku sits alone with his bento box.]Rengoku	All right. Now then, let me partake of this with gratitude![Action: Rengoku takes a bite of food from the bento box.]Rengoku	Mm… Delicious!!Demon Slayer S.2 E.02Title: Deep SleepCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Kyoujurou Rengoku, Enmu, Kie Kamado, Takeo Kamado, Hanako Kamado, Shigeru Kamado, Rokuta Kamado, passengers, train crewmen, Enmu’s recruits, demonsJapanese script from AnimeKaizoku (kitsunekko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: On the Mugen Train. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke arrive. Inosuke looks around excitedly.]Inosuke	Oh? Huh? Hoho! Hahahaha![Action: Inosuke runs between the seats of some passengers and looks out the window.]Passengers	Ahh!Inosuke	So fast! Hahahaha!Zenitsu	Sorry! We’re very sorry!Forget that! Get over here, idiot!Inosuke	So freakin’ fast! Hahahaha![Action: Zenitsu pulls Inosuke away from the window. The trio makes their way toward Rengoku.]Zenitsu	He’s a Hashira, right? This Rengoku person…Inosuke	Oh? Oh? Hahaha…Zenitsu	Are you sure you’ll recognize his face?Inosuke	Oh?Tanjirou	Sure. He had this gaudy hairstyle, and I remember his scent, too.Inosuke	Woah!Girl	Ahh![Action: Zenitsu pulls Inosuke along before he can do anything.]Inosuke	Ngh… Gah!Tanjirou	I think I’ll know it’s him once we get close.[Action: Tanjirou prepares to open the door to the next train car.]Rengoku	Delicious!![Action: Rengoku’s shout rattles the windows.]Zenitsu	Gah…Rengoku	Mm…[Action: Rengoku eats his bento. Tanjirou opens the door.]Rengoku	Delicious!Tanjirou	Ah!Zenitsu	Gah…Rengoku	Delicious… Delicious![Action: Rengoku opens another bento box.]Rengoku	Delicious! Delicious!Delicious!!Zenitsu	Ahh… Eek…[Scene: On the Mugen Train. Rengoku takes bites from his bento box.]Rengoku	Delicious… Delicious… Delicious…Tanjirou	A-Ahh…Rengoku	Delicious… Delicious… Delicious…Zenitsu	Is that the Flame Hashira guy?Rengoku	Delicious…Tanjirou	Yeah.Zenitsu	Not just some random glutton?Rengoku	Delicious!Tanjirou	Right…Rengoku	Delicious… Tanjirou	Um, excuse me… Rengoku	Delicious…Tanjirou	R-Rengoku?Rengoku	Delicious!Tanjirou	Uh, we really get that part already…[Action: Two attendants prepare to discard a tall stack of Rengoku’s empty bento boxes.]Attendant	Ahh…[Action: The overhead light flickers.]Rengoku	And you’re the kid from that day at the Master’s.Tanjirou	Yes. I’m Tanjirou Kamado. And they are my fellow Demon Slayers, Zenitsu Agatsuma and Inosuke Hashibira.Rengoku	I see. And inside that box there…Tanjirou	Yes. It’s my sister Nezuko.Rengoku	Right! That demon we saw that day, huh?Since the Master has acknowledged her, I won’t say any word for now.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Rengoku pats the seat beside him.]Rengoku	Have a seat here.[Action: The train continues along. Tanjirou takes a seat next to Rengoku. Inosuke and Zenitsu settle for a seat nearby. Inosuke pounds the window excitedly.]Inosuke	Hoho! Woah! Haha! Amazing! Being inside the lord is mind-blowing! Zenitsu	You’re going to break the glass! Calm down already, will ya?! [Action: Rengoku addresses Tanjirou while still facing forward.]Rengoku	What are you three doing here? A mission?Tanjirou	We received an order from a Kasugai Crow. “The casualties of the Mugen Train are increasing. Join Rengoku on site,” he said.Rengoku	Yes! I see now! Understood!Tanjirou	Right.Also, there’s one more thing. There’s something I wanted to ask you, Rengoku.Rengoku	What is it? Let’s hear it. Tanjirou	About my father… Rengoku	What about your father? Tanjirou	Well, he was really frail… Rengoku	Was he really?Tanjirou	But even if it was cold enough to freeze your lungs, he could still perform a kagura dance in the snow.Rengoku	Well, I’m glad to hear it!Tanjirou	Ahh… The thing is…!Rengoku	What’s up?!Tanjirou	Hinokami Kagura… Dance!I suddenly found myself doing the kagura that I’d seen as a child. If you know anything about that, Rengoku… I was hoping you’d tell me.Rengoku	Right! But I know nothing!Tanjirou	Huh?!Rengoku	I’ve never even heard the term “Hinokami Kagura” before. It’s truly commendable that your father was able to adapt his kagura dance to battle. All right, end of discussion!Tanjirou	Um, can you try to help me a little more?!Rengoku	You should become my Tsuguko, my apprentice! I’ll look after you!Tanjirou	Hold on a second! And just what are you looking at?!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) He’s totally weird, all right.Rengoku	Flame Breathing has a long history.In any given era, there’s always been a Flame and Water swordsman among the Hashira.Flame… Water… Wind… Stone… Thunder… Those are the fundamental breathing techniques.The other techniques were created as offshoots of those five. Mist is a fork of wind. Young Mizoguchi! What color is your sword?Tanjirou	Huh?! My name is Kamado. And the color is black. Rengoku	A black sword, huh? Well, isn’t that unfortunate? Hahahaha! Tanjirou	For real?Rengoku	I’ve never known a swordsman with a black sword that became a Hashira. On top of that, I hear that they have no clue which style to master.Come to me, and I’ll train you! You can rest easy now!Tanjirou	No… No, thank you! And just what are you looking at?!Phew…[Action: Tanjirou watches Rengoku, whose eyes are now closed.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s strange, but he seems to be very caring. And from his scent, I can pick up his strong sense of justice.[Action: The train continues along. Inosuke hangs out the window.]Inosuke	Woah! Hahahaha! Awesome! Awesome! So fast![Action: Zenitsu pulls Inosuke back into the train car.]Zenitsu	That’s dangerous, you idiot!Inosuke	I’m gonna run outside and race to see who’s faster![Action: Inosuke tries to pull himself out the window again.]Zenitsu	You can’t possibly be that stupid, can you?!Rengoku	That’s dangerous.You never know when a demon might appear.Zenitsu	Huh?You’re kidding, right? Demons show up on this train?Rengoku	Sure do!Zenitsu	They do?! No!!So we’re not heading to where the demons are, but we’re here?! No!! I’m getting off!Rengoku	Over 40 people have disappeared on this train. The Corps sent a few swordsmen, but then they all went silent.That’s why I, a Hashira, am here!Zenitsu	Ahhhh!! Right, I see! I’m getting off! I’m getting off!Ahhh…[Action: A train crewman enters the train car and begins walking along the aisle.]Crewman	May I… see your… tickets, please?Tanjirou	What’s he doing?Rengoku	The conductor is going to check your ticket and punch a hole in it.[Action: Rengoku gives the crewman his ticket. A hole is punched in it.]Inosuke	Grr… Hmph![Action: Inosuke gives the crewman his ticket.]Zenitsu	Here…[Action: Zenitsu gives his ticket to the crewman. Tanjirou gets up and holds his ticket out. The lights begin to flicker before going out and turning back on. Rengoku opens his eyes.]Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) What is this? There’s a horrible scent.Crewman	Thank you… very much.[Action: Rengoku gets up.]Rengoku	Mr. Conductor… You could get hurt, so step back. As this is an emergency, please overlook the fact that I have a sword.[Action: The lights flicker and go out again. When they turn back on, a demon appears.]Man	Eek!Demon 1	Grr…Zenitsu	Eek! Passengers	Ahh… Ahh… Demon 1	Grrr…Tanjirou	Ngh…Rengoku	Was it a Blood Demon Art that hid that massive body? I had a hard time detecting you.But if you bare your fangs at innocent people…[Action: Rengoku draws his sword.]Rengoku	… my bright red Flame Blade will burn you to the bone!Demon 1	Urahhh!!Rengoku	(Thoughts) Flame Breathing… First Form.[Action: The demon launches itself at Rengoku. Rengoku launches forward and beheads the demon instantly.]Rengoku	(Thoughts) Unknowing Fire![Action: The demon bursts into nothing.]Tanjirou	Amazing… He sliced off the demon’s head with one blow.Passengers	Ahh…Rengoku	There’s still one more. Come with me![Action: Rengoku heads for the next train car.]Zenitsu	Huh?!Inosuke	All right![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke follow Rengoku.]Zenitsu	What?!Don’t leave me behind![Action: Zenitsu follows after Rengoku, Tanjirou, and Inosuke. The lights flicker, and all the passengers left in the train car disappear.][Scene: On the Mugen Train. Passengers flee the train car. Rengoku stands before another demon.]Passengers	Ahhh!Man	Ah… Ahh… Ah!Demon 2	Urahh!!Man	Ahh! Ahh!Rengoku	I won’t let you lay a finger on that man!Demon 2	Urahh…[Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke arrive and stand in front of Tengoku with their swords drawn.]Inosuke	Ngh!Rengoku	Didn’t you hear me? I said I’m your opponent.Zenitsu	What the hell is it? It’s got long arms! Inosuke	All right! First come, first served! [Action: Inosuke launches forward.]Tanjirou	Hold up! We gotta save the passenger first!Inosuke	It won’t matter once I destroy that thing![Action: Inosuke leaps forward and prepares to attack, but the demon strikes first. Inosuke blocks the attack.]Inosuke	Urahh! Ngh![Action: Rengoku launches forward and moves Inosuke out of the way.]Inosuke	Gah![Action: The demon moves to attack the passenger, but Rengoku moves him out of the way.]Rengoku	You’ll be safe in the back of the train. Go on.Man	Ngh…[Action: The man flees the train car.]Rengoku	We’re good to go now. Let’s finish him off in short order.Demon 2	Urahh… Urahhh…[Action: The demon runs forward. Rengoku leaps toward the demon. The demon prepares to attack.]Rengoku	(Thoughts) Flame Breathing… Second Form… Rising Scorching Sun![Action: Rengoku beheads the demon in one move. Its body falls and disappears.]Tanjirou	Tha… Tha… That was awesome, bro! Talk about brilliant sword skills, man!Please make me your apprentice!Rengoku	Fine by me! I’ll make a fine swordsman out of you!Zenitsu	Me, too, please!Inosuke	Me, three! Rengoku	I’ll train all of you! Trio	Big Bro Rengoku!Tanjirou	Bro~!Zenitsu	Bro~!Inosuke	Bro!Rengoku	Hahahaha!Trio	Big Bro Rengoku~!Rengoku	Hahahaha!Trio	Yay~!Rengoku	Hahahaha![Action: The light flickers and goes out.][Scene: On the real Mugen Train. Rengoku, Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke are asleep. The train crewman checking tickets runs through the aisle and bursts through the door. He falls to his knees and cries.]Crewman	Urgh… Ngh… Guh…I did as I was told. I punched their tickets and put them to sleep.Please! Put me to sleep now, too! Please let me be reunited with my dead wife and daughter!I’m begging you. I’m begging you…Enmu	Sure thing.Crewman	Ah…[Action: Enmu’s hand falls from the ceiling of the train.]Enmu	You did a good job. Heh… Go to sleep.Crewman	Ah…[Action: The crewman falls limp.]Crewman	Ah…Enmu	Have a nice dream where you can meet your family.Girl 1	Excuse me.[Action: Enmu’s hand turns to a group of tired-looking children.]Girl 1	What do you want us to do?Enmu	Their slumber will grow deeper in a little while. Wait here until then.Perceptive Demon Slayers sometimes wake up sensing the presence of bloodthirsty demons. When you tie the ropes, be careful not to touch their bodies.I will have to stay in the first car for a while. Hang on until everything is ready to go. It’s so you can still have blissful dreams.Boys, Girls	Okay.[Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Tanjirou trudges through the snow by himself.]Tanjirou	Ah… Ah![Action: Tanjirou prepares to draw his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s going on? What happened?![Action: Tanjirou draws his sword and looks around.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Calm down. Calm down! You have to calm down.Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou hears a footstep behind him.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou turns and sees Hanako and Shigeru carrying a basket.]Shigeru	Hm? Ahh!Hanako	It’s Big Bro!Shigeru	Welcome home, Big Bro! Hanako	Did you sell the charcoal? Tanjirou	Ah…Ah… Ngh![Action: Tanjirou drops his sword and begins running toward Hanako and Shigeru. He tackles them in a hug.]Hanako, ShigeruAhh![Action: Tanjirou begins to cry.]Hanako, ShigeruAhh…Hanako	Big Bro?[Action: Tanjirou raises his head, and he appears as he did before he became a Demon Slayer.]Tanjirou	Ah… Wahhh! Wahhh…Hanako, ShigeruAh…Tanjirou	I’m sorry! I’m sorry!Hanako, ShigeruAhh…Tanjirou	I’m so sorry! Wahhh![Scene: On top of the Mugen Train. Enmu rides on the front of the train.]Enmu	To be able to die while dreaming… Just how lucky are you?It doesn’t matter how powerful a Demon Slayer you are. A human’s driving force is the heart, the spirit![Action: Enmu’s hand reattaches to his body.]Enmu	All you have to do is destroy the spiritual core. You can kill them just like that!All human hearts are the same. So fragile and weak, like glasswork.[Scene: Inside the train. The four boys and girls from earlier tie the hands of Rengoku, Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke.]Girl 1	Do we tie ourselves to them by the wrist?Girl 2	That’s right. Don’t forget what he warned us about.[Action: The boys and girls tie themselves to the Demon Slayers.]Boy	Take a deep, slow breath… while you count. (Thoughts) Do that, and you’ll fall asleep.(Thoughts) One… Two… Three… Four… Five… Six…[Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Tanjirou arrives back at his family’s house.]Hanako	And then we were surprised because Big Bro suddenly burst into tears!Takeo	What a weirdo! Hahahaha!Kie	Oh my, you must be exhausted. Tanjirou	It’s not such a big deal, okay? I’m fine. [Action: Kie cups Tanjirou’s cheeks.]Tanjirou	Ah…Kie	You don’t have a fever, do you?Take it easy and get some rest today, okay?Tanjirou	I’m all right.Kie	Are you sure?[Action: Shigeru grabs a cloth from Hanako.]Shigeru	Ngh… Hehehehe!Hanako	Ah… You come back here![Action: Shigeru puts the cloth over Tanjirou’s head.]Shigeru	Gotcha!Tanjirou	Woah!Shigeru, RokutaHahahaha!Hanako	What do you think you’re doing?!Tanjirou	Hey!Hanako	Hey! You stop that right now!Shigeru, RokutaHehehehe!Tanjirou	Seems like… I was having a bad dream or something.[Scene: On top of the Mugen Train. Enmu continues to contemplate.]Enmu	Falling deeper into sleep, deep in their dreams… Forget to breathe, deep in their dreams…And even if a demon comes, deep in their dreams… Even in their stomachs, deep in their dreams…It looks like fun. You’re starting to have a happy dream, aren’t you? Fufu… You are falling… You are falling… into a dream.It’s a deep slumber. They can… no longer awaken.Demon Slayer S.2 E.03Title: Should Have BeenCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Kyoujurou Rengoku (Rengoku), Enmu, Shinjurou Rengoku, Senjurou Rengoku, Tanjuurou Kamado, Kie Kamado, Takeo Kamado, Hanako Kamado, Shigeru Kamado, Rokuta Kamado, boys, girlsJapanese script from AnimeKaizoku (kitsunekko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: On top of the Mugen Train. Enmu stands alone.]Enmu	To be able to die while dreaming… Just how lucky are you?It doesn’t matter how powerful a Demon Slayer you are. A human’s driving force is the heart, the spirit![Action: Enmu’s hand reattaches to his body.]Enmu	All you have to do is destroy the spiritual core. You can just kill them like that!All human hearts are the same. So fragile and weak, like glasswork. You are falling… You are falling… into a dream.[Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Tanjirou laughs with his family.]Enmu	It’s a deep slumber.They can… no longer awaken.[Scene: In Zenitsu’s dream. Zenitsu runs hand in hand with Nezuko, who is a human, through a peach orchard.]Zenitsu	This way! The peaches over here taste great!And there are tons of white clovers in bloom! I’ll make you a chaplet! I can make these really great-looking ones… Nezuko!Nezuko	Yes! Make a lot, okay… Zenitsu?Zenitsu	Ahh… Yahoo!There’s a river along the way, but it’s shallow, so you’ll be okay, right?Nezuko	A river?[Action: Nezuko stops running.]Nezuko	What am I going to do, Zenitsu? I can’t swim.Zenitsu	I-I’ll just carry you on my back and jump right over the river!Not even your toes will get wet, Nezuko!Ngh…[Action: Nezuko climbs onto Zenitsu’s back. Zenitsu jumps down the side of the hill.]Zenitsu	Just leave it to me![Action: Zenitsu jumps over the river with Nezuko.]Nezuko	Hehe…Zenitsu	Let’s go!Nezuko	Fufufu… Fufufu!Zenitsu, NezukoFufufu… Fufufu… Fufufufu![Scene: In Inosuke’s dream. Inosuke runs through a cave with Nezuko, who is dressed like a bunny girl.]Inosuke	Expedition Team! Expedition Team! We’re the Cave Expedition Team! Expedition Team! Expedition Team! We’re the Cave Expedition Team!Expedition Team! Expedition Team![Action: Tanjirou, who looks like a raccoon dog, and Zenitsu, who looks like a rat, appear.]Tanjirou	Boss!Zenitsu	Boss!Inosuke	What’s up, Underling 1 and Underling 2?Tanjirou	I can smell the master of this cave over there, pompoko!Zenitsu	And I can hear it breathing as it sleeps, squeak![Action: The Mugen Train, which has a number of legs like a centipede, sleeps nearby.]Inosuke	Here he is!All right, let’s go! Showdown!Tanjirou, ZenitsuRoger that, Boss!Nezuko	Mmm…Inosuke	Hey, you! Come with me, Underling 3!Come over here! Look!Nezuko	Mm?Inosuke	I’ll give you these sparkly acorns! Come on! Let’s go!!Group	Hey!Nezuko	Mm~![Scene: On the real Mugen Train. Zenitsu and Inosuke continue to dream.]Inosuke	Heh… Fufufu…Zenitsu	Fufu… Fufufu…Inosuke	Fufufu…Zenitsu	Fufu… Fufufufu…[Scene: In Rengoku’s dream. Rengoku finds himself in his family’s home. Shinjurou lies in bed in front of him.]Rengoku	(Thoughts) Hmm? Why did I come here?[Action: Rengoku touches his sword.]Rengoku	(Thoughts) Oh, right. To report to my father… that I’ve become a Hashira.[Action: Rengoku reports to his father.]Shinjurou	So what if you’ve become a Hashira?Worthless. It means nothing.You’re never going to amount to anything anyway. Neither you… nor I.[Action: Rengoku walks out of the room and toward Senjurou’s room.]Senjurou	Ah… Brother.Was our father pleased to hear your news? Do you think our father will acknowledge me if I become a Hashira, too?Rengoku	(Thoughts) He wasn’t always like that. After all, he did rise to the rank of Hashira in the Demon Slayer Corps.(Thoughts) He was a passionate man. And yet, one day, out of the blue, he quit being a swordsman… suddenly.(Thoughts) The man who’d raised us both with such enthusiasm… Why? (Thoughts) It’s pointless to think about such things, so stop.(Thoughts) Senjurou is even worse off. He barely has any memories of our mother, who died of illness when he was very young, and just look at the state our father is in.[Action: Rengoku steps toward Senjurou and kneels before him.]Rengoku	I’m going to be honest. Our father wasn’t happy to hear it. He told me that it meant nothing.But that’s not enough to extinguish my passion! This flame inside my heart will never go out!I’ll never give in. And Senjurou…[Action: Rengoku takes Senjurou’s hands in his.]Rengoku	… you are not like me.You have a big brother… who believes in his little brother.[Action: Senjurou begins to cry.]Rengoku	No matter what path you take, you’re going to become a fine human being! Keep that burning passion inside your heart! Let’s do our best![Action: Rengoku and Senjurou hug.]Rengoku	Let’s do our best and live on! No matter how lonely it gets.[Scene: On top of the Mugen Train. Enmu looks toward the back of the train.]Enmu	Looking good. Those ropes that I created are used for a special technique that allows one to invade the dreams of whoever you’re tethered to.I always fight with the utmost caution.Once you’re asleep, Hashira or not, you’re no different from a baby. I’ll enjoy the feast after killing the Demon Slayers.[Scene: In Rengoku’s dream. Rengoku helps Senjurou with his sword techniques.]Rengoku	There’s no need to swing in such a hurry.Relax your shoulders.[Action: One of the girls from the real world watches Rengoku and Senjurou from behind the corner of a building.]Senjurou	Like this?Rengoku	That’s right.Girl	That was close. He’s right there.[Action: The girl begins running around in Rengoku’s dream.]Girl	(Thoughts) I have to make sure he doesn’t see me. (Thoughts) I have to hurry to the edge of the dream! Hurry!Enmu	(Flashback) The dream world I show them isn’t infinite. (Flashback) It’s circular, with the dreamer in its center.(Flashback) The realm of the subconscious exists just outside the dream, where you’ll find the spiritual core.(Flashback) That’s what you must destroy. Do that, and the dreamer will become crippled.[Action: The girl searches for the edge of the dream. Her hand hits an invisible wall.]Girl	Ah! There it is!The scenery doesn’t end here, but I can’t go any further.[Action: The girl takes out an ice pick.]Girl	(Thoughts) I’ll destroy his spiritual core right away… Ngh![Action: The girl stabs the ice pick into the invisible wall.]Girl	(Thoughts) … and then I’ll get to see a happy dream myself!Grr… Ngh![Action: The girl cuts through the invisible wall, revealing Rengoku’s subconsciousness. The ground burns.]Girl	(Thoughts) What an odd realm of the subconscious. (Thoughts) It’s hot. It’s burning up.(Thoughts) I have to hurry.[Action: The girl continues forward into Rengoku’s subconscious.]Girl	Ah![Action: The girl approaches Rengoku’s spiritual core.]Girl	I found it! The spiritual core!I’ve never seen a red one before.All I have to do is destroy this and… it’ll be my turn to…![Scene: In the real world, Rengoku grabs the girl’s neck and moves her aside.]Girl	Ah…[Scene: In Rengoku’s dream. The girl begins to choke.]Girl	Ah…!Ngh![Action: The girl is lifted into the air and continues to struggle for air.]Girl	Gah!Ngh…Ugh… Urgh…(Thoughts) I thought humans couldn’t move while they were under a spell.[Action: The girl drops to the ground and clutches at her neck.]Girl	Ah…(Thoughts) What a strong survival instinct he has![Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Kie talks to Tanjirou.]Kie	I’m going to make your favorite rice crackers today, Tanjirou.Tanjirou	Wow!Rokuta	Ah…Kie	I’ll start breaking old rice cakes first.Tanjirou	It’s our lucky day, Rokuta! Rice crackers!Takeo	No fair! Big Bro’s not the only one who likes rice crackers!Hanako	I like them, too!Shigeru	Me, too!Kie	Then let’s eat them together, okay?Can you get the grill ready for me?Children	Okay!Takeo	I’ll crush them up in the grinding bowl!Hanako	Okay, I’ll be in charge of flipping them over, then!Shigeru	Me, too![Action: One of the boys waits in the forest just outside Tanjirou’s house.]Tanjirou	Okay, then I’ll be in charge of eating them!Children	No fair!Hahahaha![Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Tanjirou chops wood for his family.]Tanjirou	Urgh… Ngh… Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou puts the basket of firewood back on his back.]Tanjirou	There…Nezuko, let’s go.[Action: Tanjirou turns back to find that Nezuko is not on his back.]Tanjirou	Ahh… What did I just say?[Action: Tanjirou arrives back home.]Tanjirou	I’m back!Kie	Welcome home, Tanjirou.Tanjirou	Yeah, I’m home![Action: Tanjirou steps into the side room.]Takeo	Welcome home, Big Bro!Tanjirou	Heh…Hanako	Welcome home!Shigeru	Welcome!Tanjirou	Huh? Where’s Nezuko?Takeo	Big Sis went up the mountain to pick vegetables.Tanjirou	Huh? In broad daylight?Takeo	Huh?Hanako	She’s not supposed to?Tanjirou	Ahh… Uh, well… Huh?Kie	Tanjirou? Could you get the bath ready? I’m going to be busy with this for a while.[Action: Tanjirou heads out with buckets to get water.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I keep saying all these strange things.Am I tired maybe?[Action: Tanjirou sees Nezuko’s wooden box in the corner of his vision.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: The wooden box disappears.]Tanjirou	Huh? It’s gone.I wonder what that was for just a split second. A toolbox, perhaps? I guess my eyes were playing tricks on me.[Action: Tanjirou dips the bucket into the water. His real self calls for him.]Tanjirou	Wake up![Action: Tanjirou sees his reflection in the water, though his reflection is of his real self.]Tanjirou	Wake up![Action: The dream Tanjirou falls into the water.]Tanjirou	Wake up. You’re under attack!It’s a dream! This is a dream! Wake up now!(Thoughts) I see… That’s right. I’m… on board the train! Wake up and fight! Fight! Fight!![Action: The dream Tanjirou is pulled away from his present self.][Scene: Sometime later, in Tanjirou’s dream. Tanjirou’s family is eating dinner.]Takeo	Big Bro, give me your pickled radishes!Hanako	No! You stop it right now! Why are you always taking food away from Big Bro?Takeo	What’s your problem?Tanjirou	Ah… Ahh…Hanako	You just had seconds![Action: Hanako and Takeo stand up and face each other.]Hanako, TakeoGrr…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No good. I’m not awake yet! I’m still inside a dream!(Thoughts) How can I get out of it? Now that I’ve realized that it’s a dream… what am I supposed to do?[Scene: On the Mugen Train. Nezuko’s box opens, and Nezuko tumbles out.]Nezuko	Mm… Mm? Mm…Mm…[Action: Nezuko sees Tanjirou breathing heavily as he sleeps.]Tanjirou	I have to wake up…[Action: Nezuko shakes Tanjirou’s shoulder.]Nezuko	Mm… Mm… Mm… Mmm…[Action: Nezuko grabs Tanjirou’s hand and rubs her head with it.]Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	Ahh…Nezuko	Mmm… Mm![Action: Nezuko headbutts Tanjirou. He doesn’t wake up, and her forehead bleeds. She begins to cry.]Nezuko	Mm… Mm… Mmm… Mmm!![Action: Nezuko’s blood burns up.][Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Nezuko’s fire appears on Tanjirou’s wrist.]Takeo	Ahh…Hanako	Big Bro!What should we do? The fire is --Takeo	Big Bro![Action: Nezuko’s fire goes out.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That’s Nezuko’s scent. It’s Nezuko’s blood! (Thoughts) Nezuko… Nezuko![Action: Nezuko’s flame surrounds Tanjirou, and he resumes his normal Demon Slayer attire.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) My uniform… My Nichirin sword… I’m waking up! Little by little… Little by little!Takeo	Big Bro?Hanako	Big Bro, are you all right?Shigeru	Big Bro…Tanjirou	Sorry. I have to go.(Thoughts) I have to hurry back!I’m sorry.Takeo	Big Bro!Hanako	Big Bro!Rokuta	Ah…Shigeru	Big Bro![Action: Tanjirou exits the house and runs into the forest.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Urgh…(Thoughts) If the demon who’s showing me this dream is nearby… I have to find him and slash him right away!(Thoughts) Where is he? Hurry!Nezuko	Where are you going, Big Bro?[Action: Tanjirou stops. Nezuko stands with a basket of vegetables.]Nezuko	I picked a lot of vegetables today!Tanjirou	Ahh…[Action: Tanjirou begins to tear up. The rest of his family approaches him.]Shigeru	Mom! This way!Hanako	Big Bro was on fire all of a sudden!Nezuko	Mom?Kie	Tanjirou, are you all right?Hanako	Big Bro…Takeo	Ah…Kie	What’s the matter, Tanjirou? Why are you dressed like that?Tanjirou	Ahh… I wish I could stay here… forever. (Thoughts) I wish I could turn around and go back.(Thoughts) By rights, I should’ve been living like this forever. Right here.(Thoughts) If none of this had happened… they’d all have been alive and well now. And Nezuko would’ve lived in the sunlight, under the blue sky.Nezuko	Ahh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) If none of this had happened… If none of this had happened… I should be here making charcoal every day. I never would’ve laid a hand on a sword!(Thoughts) If none of this had happened… If none of this had happened…!Rokuta	Ah… Mm… Ahh…[Action: Tanjirou continues forward into the forest.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) But I’ve lost them now. I can never go back![Action: Tanjirou runs ahead. Rukuta begins running after him.]Rokuta	Big Bro! Don’t leave us behind!Ngh… Ah…[Action: Rukuta falls into the snow.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Sorry… I’m sorry, Rokuta!(Thoughts) We can’t be together anymore. But I’ll always be thinking of you, okay? I’ll be thinking of you all!(Thoughts) There are lots of things to thank you for. Lots of things to be sorry for!(Thoughts) But I will never forget you! No matter what, my heart will always be with you! So please… forgive me!Boy	I have to destroy his spiritual core right away.[Action: The boy stabs his ice pick into an invisible wall and tears it away. Tanjirou’s subconscious appears, reflecting a blue sky.]Boy	Ahh…(Thoughts) So this is the inside of his heart?(Thoughts) How can it be so beautiful? It’s so endlessly vast and… also warm.[Scene: On top of the Mugen Train. Enmu turns toward the back of the train.]Enmu	They’re having trouble, aren’t they?I wonder why. They haven’t destroyed any of the spiritual cores yet. Oh well… I guess it doesn’t matter, since they’re buying me some time.[Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Tanjirou trudges through the snow.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Not here. But I can smell a demon, faintly.(Thoughts) What’s this, though? It’s like there’s a film over everything!(Thoughts) There’s a faint demon scent everywhere! I can’t tell the exact location! I have to hurry! Nezuko is bleeding! If everyone else is asleep, we’re in big trouble! (Thoughts) What should I do?(Thoughts) Am I unable to use Total Concentration Breathing now?(Thoughts) Am I just asleep right now?Tanjuurou	Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Ah![Action: A strong wind blows, and Tanjuurou’s form appears.]Tanjuurou	Take up your sword.There’s something you must cut.[Action: A wind blows again, and Tanjuurou disappears.]Tanjirou	Ahh…(Thoughts) There’s something… I must cut.[Action: Tanjirou draws his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s something I must cut… in order to wake up. (Thoughts) I think I know what it is. But what if I’m wrong?(Thoughts) If what happens in this dream has an effect on reality, too… there’ll be no going back.Ngh…(Thoughts) Don’t hesitate! Do it! You have to do it![Action: Tanjirou aims his sword at his neck.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) My death in this dream will lead me to reality! In other words… what I have to cut is… my own neck!Urahhh!![Action: Tanjirou’s blood splatters on the snow.]Demon Slayer S.2 E.04Title: InsultCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Enmu, Tanjuurou Kamado, Kie Kamado, Takeo Kamado, Hanako Kamado, Rokuta Kamado, Enmu’s recruitsJapanese script from AnimeKaizoku (kitsunekko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Tanjirou searches for a way out of the dream in a forest.]Tanjuurou	Tanjirou…Tanjirou	Ah![Action: A strong wind blows, and an image of Tanjuurou appears.]Tanjuurou	Take up your sword.There’s something you must cut.[Action: A strong wind blows again, and Tanjuurou disappears.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s something… I must cut.[Action: Tanjirou draws his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s something I must cut… in order to wake up. (Thoughts) I think I know what it is.Ngh…(Thoughts) Don’t hesitate! Do it! You have to do it![Action: Tanjirou aims his sword at his neck.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) My death in this dream will lead me to reality! In other words… what I have to cut is… my own neck!Urahhh!![Scene: In Tanjirou’s subconscious. Fragments of Tanjirou’s soul lead Enmu’s recruit toward his spiritual core.]Boy	You must be the incarnations of this boy’s soul.The air is so clear, and it feels good.[Action: The boy finds Tanjirou’s spiritual core.]Boy	Is that his spiritual core? Why are you showing it to me?[Action: One of Tanjirou’s spirit fragments points to the core.]Boy	Did you bring me here because I was searching for it?[Action: The boy falls to his knees.]Boy	No way… Even though I was trying to destroy it? Why would you…[Action: Tanjirou cuts his neck. As the boy begins to cry, the world of Tanjirou’s subconscious begins to shake. A void opens up beneath him, and he falls.]Boy	Ngh…Ah…[Action: A fragment of Tanjirou’s soul grabs the boy’s hand.]Boy	Ngh… Ah…[Scene: In Inosuke’s subconscious. Enmu’s recruit struggles to climb up the rocky walls in the cave.]Girl	Ngh… Ugh… Grr…Where the heck is his spiritual core?Haa… What’s with this realm of the subconscious?Ngh… And that creepy naked boar… Seriously, this is insane.[Action: Inosuke appears behind the girl.]Inosuke	Urahhh!Girl	Huh?[Action: The girl runs away from Inosuke. He gives chase.]Girl	Ah! Ahh!What are you doing in the realm of the subconscious?! You stupid naked boar! Eek… Eeeh![Action: The girl jumps forward, and Inosuke jumps after her.]Inosuke	Urahhh!Girl	Gahhh![Scene: In Zenitsu’s subconscious. Enmu’s recruit is in complete darkness.]Boy	Ngh… It’s pitch-black.It’s pitch-black, and I can’t see a thing… Dammit… What’s with that blond brat’s realm of subconscious?Do I have to grope around to find his spiritual core? You must be kidding me.[Action: The boy hears the sound of a pair of shears clinking.]Boy	What was that?Huh?[Action: Zenitsu appears behind the boy with a large pair of shears.]Boy	Erk… Ah…Zenitsu	What the hell is a guy doing in here? Damn you, parasite!Boy	Ah…Zenitsu	No one’s allowed in here but Nezuko.Boy	Erk…Zenitsu	I’m so going to kill you.Boy	Ahhh!![Action: The boy tries to run off, but Zenitsu is right behind him.]Zenitsu	Where is Nezuko?Boy	Wh-Who the heck knows?! Zenitsu	Ahh… All right, then… Die! [Action: Zenitsu attacks the boy with his shears.]Boy	Gahhh! No~!!Zenitsu	Urahhh![Scene: On the Mugen Train. Enmu’s recruits struggle in their sleep.]Boy	Ngh…Girl	Ngh…Inosuke	Gahh… Grr…Zenitsu	Grr… Grr…[Action: Nezuko continues to watch Tanjirou struggle.]Tanjirou	Wake up…Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	I have to wake up… Hurry…[Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Tanjirou presses his sword against his neck.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Urahh!Nezuko!![Action: Tanjirou cuts his neck. His body falls to the ground.][Scene: On the Mugen Train. Tanjirou wakes up with a jump.]Tanjirou	Ahhh!![Action: Tanjirou takes a few deep breaths and looks at his hand.]Tanjirou	I’m all right… I’m alive.Nezuko	Mmm…Tanjirou	Ah… Nezuko![Action: Nezuko protects her forehead with her hands.]Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	Are you okay?!Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	Nezuko… Ah…Zenitsu… Inosuke… Rengoku![Action: Tanjirou sees Rengoku holding the neck of Enmu’s recruit.]Tanjirou	Huh?(Thoughts) Who are these people?(Thoughts) They’re all connected by the wrists with ropes. (Thoughts) Rope…Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees that the rope around his wrist is cut.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What is this? It’s burned off. Nezuko’s burning blood did it? (Thoughts) It’s faint, but I’m picking up a demon’s scent, too![Action: Tanjirou smells the rope.]Tanjirou	This smell… The ticket!(Thoughts) I knew it. It’s giving off a faint demon smell, too.(Thoughts) We were put to sleep when our tickets were punched. This must be a demon’s work!(Thoughts) Did he unleash such a potent Blood Demon Art using just this faint scent?(Thoughts) I don’t know why… but I have a feeling that I shouldn’t sever this rope with my Nichirin sword.Nezuko! Do me a favor! I want you to burn off everyone’s ropes!Nezuko	Mm…[Action: Nezuko burns off Zenitsu’s and Inosuke’s ropes. Tanjirou tries to shake Zenitsu awake.]Tanjirou	Zenitsu! Wake up!Wake up, Zenitsu! You have to wake up![Action: Zenitsu remains asleep. Tanjirou tries to wake Inosuke up.]Tanjirou	Ah… Wake up, Inosuke! Please![Action: Inosuke remains asleep.]Tanjirou	Inosuke…Nezuko	Mm-mm![Action: Tanjirou turns to Nezuko and strokes her head.]Tanjirou	Ah… There, there… Sorry, okay?Thanks. You did a great job, Nezuko.(Thoughts) It’s no good. These two won’t wake up. What can I do? Rengoku --Girl 1	Urah![Action: The girl attached to Rengoku attacks Tanjirou with her ice pick. Tanjirou dodges the attack.]Tanjirou	What are you doing?!(Thoughts) Is a demon controlling her?Girl 1	Get out of our way! Thanks to you guys, we won’t be able to have dreams!Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) Is she acting of her own free will?[Action: The girl attached to Inosuke joins the other recruit. The boy attached to Zenitsu wakes up.]Girl 2	Ngh…Boy 1	Grr…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This man, too?Ngh…Girl 1	What do you think you’re doing? If you’re awake, you’d better help us out!You may have tuberculosis or whatever, but if you don’t do your job, I’m going to tell him, and then he won’t show you any dreams, you hear me?![Action: The boy attached to Tanjirou stands up.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Is he the one who was connected to me? (Thoughts) Tuberculosis… He’s sick. Poor man.(Thoughts) What this demon did is unforgivable. He took advantage of their weak souls!Sorry. I have to go fight.[Action: Tanjirou runs forward and chops one of the boy’s necks with his hand. He continues with one of the other recruits.]Boy 1	Ah… Gah…Girl 2	Gah…Girl 1	Ah… Ahh… Urahh![Action: The first girl runs forward to attack Tanjirou, but he dodges it and chops her neck with his hand. She falls to the ground, unconscious.]Girl 1	Ugh…Tanjirou	You want to stay inside a happy dream, don’t you? I know.I wanted to stay inside my dream, too.If only this was the dream…[Action: Nezuko runs up to Tanjirou and hugs him.]Tanjirou	Ahh…Boy 2	(Thoughts) Until I touched his heart, I was willing to hurt others… if it meant I could escape from the pain of this illness. But now…Tanjirou	Are you all right?Boy 2	Thank you. Be careful.Tanjirou	Huh?Ah… Right!Nezuko![Action: Tanjirou takes Nezuko’s hand and heads to the next train car.]Boy 2	Heh…[Scene: In the next train car. Tanjirou smells the scent of a demon.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) The smell is overpowering!(Thoughts) So heavy… The demon’s scent is so strong even in this strong wind! (Thoughts) Was I asleep in such an awful scent?(Thoughts) Even if each car was closed off and airtight, I can’t believe I was! I was useless![Action: Tanjirou looks out from the boarding area of the train car.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The demon is upwind. Is he in the first car?Ngh![Action: Tanjirou flips onto the roof of the train car.]Tanjirou	Nezuko, don’t come here! Stay away from me and wait! Go wake everyone up![Action: Tanjirou begins running toward the front of the train but stops.]Tanjirou	Ah…Enmu	What? You’re awake? Good morning! You could’ve stayed asleep, though.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s him! [Scene: On top of the Mugen Train. Tanjirou confronts Enmu.]Enmu	Why did you wake up? Didn’t I show you a sweet dream?I could’ve shown you a dream where your family was being slaughtered.Would you have liked that one better? No, of course not. Too distressing, right?Tanjirou	Ahh…Enmu	All right, next… why don’t I show you a dream where your father comes back to life?[Action: Tanjirou grabs his sword.]Tanjirou	Grr…Enmu	Fufu…(Thoughts) What I really love… is to show people nightmares right after a happy dream. (Thoughts) I just adore the sight of a distorted human face.(Thoughts) I get such a kick out of that! How enthralling it is to gaze at someone shattered by misfortune, suffering, and flailing.(Thoughts) But I don’t usually let my guard down, so it may take longer, but I’ll make sure to kill the Demon Slayers.(Thoughts) I mixed my blood with the ink on the tickets. Once the conductor punches them, creating clamp marks… the spell activates.(Thoughts) This is a remote art. It took more effort, but this was the best way to avoid being detected.(Thoughts) Not being detected is important. It is reality for them until they realize it’s a dream.(Thoughts) And yet… how did this one manage to wake up? And he found the way to wake up in a short time.(Thoughts) Even though the human desire for blissful dreams, for self-serving dreams…… is so enormous![Action: Tanjirou draws his sword.]Tanjirou	Don’t you dare intrude on my soul! I won’t let you… get away with this!Enmu	(Thoughts) What’s that? I see he’s wearing earrings.Heh… How lucky is that? So he came right to me!This is like a dream! Now I can receive even more blood from Master Muzan!And once I become more powerful, I’ll challenge an Upper Rank demon to a duel to replace them![Action: Tanjirou prepares to attack Enmu.]Tanjirou	Water Breathing… Tenth Form… Constant Flux!Enmu	Blood Demon Art… Heh…(Thoughts) Whispers of Forced Unconscious Hypnosis.Go to sleep![Action: Tanjirou is put to sleep before he can attack Enmu. As he begins to fall, he wakes up again.]Tanjirou	Erk… Ngh!Enmu	(Thoughts) He’s not falling asleep.[Action: Tanjirou slashes at Enmu, but he dodges the attack.]Enmu	Go to sleep.[Action: Tanjirou is put to sleep again, but he wakes up.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Enmu	Go to sleep.[Action: Tanjirou is put to sleep but wakes up almost instantly. Enmu continues trying to put him to sleep.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Enmu	Go to sleep… Go to sleep!Tanjirou	Ngh!Enmu	Go… to… sleep!![Action: Tanjirou prepares his attack.]Enmu	(Thoughts) It’s not working. But why?(Thoughts) No, that’s not what this is. He’s falling under the spell over and over![Action: Tanjirou falls asleep again.]Enmu	(Thoughts) He’s aware that he’s under the spell right away… and he’s committing suicide in order to awaken![Action: Tanjirou wakes up.]Tanjirou	Grr! Ngh!Enmu	(Thoughts) Even if it’s in the middle of a dream, to commit suicide… to take his own life with his own hands… takes incredible willpower!(Thoughts) This brat…Tanjirou	Urahh!Enmu	(Thoughts) … is insane![Action: Tanjirou is put to sleep again.][Scene: In Tanjirou’s dream. Tanjirou’s family has been killed. Rokuta cries.]Rokuta	Wahhh! Wahhh! Wahhh!Why didn’t you save us?Takeo	Ngh![Action: Takeo pushes Tanjirou.]Takeo	What were you doing while we were being murdered?Hanako	How could you be the only one to survive?[Action: The scene around Tanjirou changes. Tanjuurou throws a cup of water at Tanjirou.]Tanjuurou	Why do you think you were here? You’re so useless![Action: The scene changes again. Kie carries Rokuta in her arms.]Kie	It should’ve been you that died. How dare you go on living without a care.Tanjirou	Grr…[Scene: On top of the Mugen Train. Tanjirou launches toward Enmu.]Tanjirou	There’s no way they’d ever say that! Not ever! Not my family!Don’t you dare… insult… my family!![Action: Tanjirou beheads Enmu. His body falls limp but doesn’t disappear.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That was way too easy.              (Thoughts) Could this be a dream, too? Or was this demon weaker than him? Enmu	I can totally see why… he ordered me to kill you, the boy with the earrings… [Action: A mass of flesh attached to Enmu’s head appears from the train.]Enmu	… along with the Hashira!Your very existence is, like… It couldn’t be more irritating, you know!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s not dead?!Enmu	Oh, that look on your face is so delightful!That’s the look I’ve been wanting to see! Fufufu!You want to know why I’m not dead after you decapitated me, don’t you? Fine, since I’m feeling so ecstatic right now.It’s so easy that even an infant would understand. Fufufu! It’s because the body over there is no longer my main body.Same with this thing that’s talking to you now. It merely looks like my head, but it’s not. While you were snoozing away… I fused with this train!Every inch of this train has become my blood, my flesh, and my bones! Fufufu! Look at your face!Are you getting it now? In other words… the more than 200 passengers on this train are the food that will strengthen my body even more… as well as my hostages.So, do you think you can protect them by yourself? All these people packing this train from one end to the other… Can you alone keep me from devouring them?Tanjirou	Ngh!Enmu	Fufufufu![Action: Tanjirou runs forward to attack Enmu, but Enmu’s head disappears into the mass and into the train.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What should I do? What should I do?!(Thoughts) The most I can protect on my own is two cars! Any more than that, and I can’t guarantee their safety!Rengoku! Zenitsu! Inosuke! This is no time to be sleeping! Wake up, will you?! Please![Action: Tanjirou begins running back to the passenger train cars.]Tanjirou	Nezuko! Protect the sleeping passengers![Action: Inside the train car, Nezuko uses her burning blood to wake Inosuke up.]Inosuke	Ahh…[Action: Inosuke punches into the roof of the train car.]Inosuke	Ngh! Urah! Grah! Urahhh![Action: Inosuke bursts through the roof.]Tanjirou	Ah!Inosuke	Follow me, damn minions! All right! Explosive awakening!Comin’ through! Lord Inosuke is comin’ through! Beast Breathing, Fifth Fang! Crazy Cutting![Action: Inosuke cuts through Enmu’s masses in the train car.]Inosuke	Lord Inosuke Hashibira is comin’ through!  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.2 E.05Title: Move Forward!Character List:Tanjirou Kamado, Inosuke Hashibira, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Rengoku Kyoujurou, Nezuko Kamado, Enmu, conductorJapanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed and organized by DayfairiesEnglish subtitles from Gogoanime subtitles English transcribed by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: On the top of the Mugen Train. Tanjirou launches toward Enmu.]Tanjirou	Don’t you dare… insult my family!![Action: Tanjirou beheads Enmu.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It was way too easy.Enmu	I can totally see why… he ordered me to kill you, the boy with the earrings… along with the Hashira!Your very existence is, like… It couldn’t be more irritating, you know!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s not dying?!Enmu	You want to know why I’m not dead after you decapitated me, don’t you?It’s because the body over there is no longer my main body. While you were snoozing away… I fused with this train!Every inch of this train has become my blood, my flesh, and my bones!So, do you think you can protect them by yourself? All these people packing this train from one end to the other… Can you alone keep me from devouring them?Tanjirou	Ngh…!Enmu	Fufufufu![Action: Tanjirou runs to attack Enmu, but Enmu retreats into the train.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What should I do? What should I do?(Thoughts) The most I can protect on my own is two cars! Any more than that, and I can’t guarantee their safety!Rengoku! Zenitsu! Inosuke!This is no time to be sleeping! Wake up, will you? Please! Nezuko! Protect the sleeping passengers!Inosuke	Ngh! Urah! Gah! All right![Action: Inosuke bursts through the top of the train car.]Inosuke	Follow me, damn minions! All right!Explosive awakening!Comin’ through! Lord Inosuke’s comin’ through![Scene: On the Mugen Train. Tanjirou explains the situation to Inosuke.]Tanjirou	Inosuke! It’s not safe anywhere on the train anymore! We have to protect the sleeping passengers!This whole train’s turned into a demon! Can you hear me? This whole train is a demon!Inosuke	I knew it! So, I was right on the money! That means I was a total stud as a leader![Action: As Enmu’s body approaches the sleeping passengers, Inosuke jumps through the hole in the roof.]Inosuke	Beast Breathing, Fifth Fang! Crazy Cutting![Action: Inosuke cuts through Enmu’s body.]Inosuke	I’ll save every last one of you guys! Fall onto your knees, and worship me! Glorify me!Lord Inosuke Hashibira is comin’ through!Tanjirou	I have to go save the passengers! If Inosuke can hold down the fort here, I should go on ahead![Action: Enmu’s body erupts from the train, causing a shockwave.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Enmu’s body approaches Tanjirou. Tanjirou kicks in a window and gets inside the carriage.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ah!It’s gone this far already?[Action: Enmu’s body approaches Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Water Breathing, First Form! Water Surface Slash![Action: Tanjirou slashes through Enmu’s body, but more parts rise up in its place.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No good. This is never going to end. How am I supposed to fend it off?Enmu	(Thoughts) Fufufufu… Damn Demon Slayer, scurrying around inside me…(Thoughts) You can cut all you want, but I’ll just keep regenerating. And then, after all your strength is depleted, I’m going to partake of those 200 passengers in a leisurely feast.[Action: Nezuko gets up and begins fighting Enmu’s body.]Nezuko	Ugh! Ugh! Ngh!Ngh! Ugh! Ngh… Ugh…![Action: As Enmu aims for a sleeping passenger, Nezuko jumps to his rescue but is trapped by Enmu’s body. Zenitsu gets up and slices Enmu’s body away.]??	(Thoughts) Thunder Breathing… First Form. Thunderclap and Flash! Sixfold.Nezuko… I’ll protect you!Protect… Phew…[Scene: Elsewhere on the train. Tanjirou pauses in his fight against Enmu.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That sounded like thunder… From one of the cars in the back?(Thoughts) What’s going on? Is Zenitsu awake now? What about Rengoku? And Nezuko?[Action: Tanjirou continues his fight against Enmu.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t do anything but protect the people here!(Thoughts) This is bad! What should I do? We can’t fight in coordination! (Thoughts) Are the passengers in the back all right?(Thoughts) Damn! It’s so cramped… and so hard to swing my sword![Action: Rengoku walks through another train car.]Rengoku	Mm… To think that all of this happened while I was dozing… How could this be? I’m ashamed as a Hashira.If only I could crawl… into a hole![Action: Rengoku launches forward with his sword drawn. Enmu is startled by Rengoku’s attack.]Enmu	Wh-What happened?[Action: Rengoku’s attack causes an explosion, sending Tanjirou tumbling.]Tanjirou	Urk…!(Thoughts) What was that? A demon attack?[Action: Rengoku appears in front of Tanjirou.]Rengoku	Young Kamado!Tanjirou	Rengoku!Rengoku	I was pretty thorough with my slashing attacks on the way here, so it should take the demon a while to regenerate.But there’s no time to lose! I’ll keep it short.Tanjirou	Okay!Rengoku	This train has eight cars in all. I’ll protect the five in the rear. The yellow boy and your sister will be in charge of the rest.You and the boar head boy will go look for the demon’s head while keeping an eye on those three cars.Tanjirou	Head? But this demon is --Rengoku	No matter what form he’s assumed, so long as he’s a demon, he’s got a head!I’ll be searching for his weak spot as I fight. I want you to show me how gutsy you are![Action: Rengoku launches back toward the rear train cars.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Amazing… I can’t even see him.(Thoughts) Did the train shake earlier because Rengoku was on the move? He’s so quick to read the situation and make decisions.(Thoughts) Five cars, all by himself? Ah…!(Thoughts) This is no time to be dazzled, idiot! Do what you have to do![Action: Tanjirou goes toward the front of the train.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The demon’s scent is getting stronger by the second. Hurry!Inosuke! Where are you, Inosuke?!Inosuke	Shut up, or I’ll kill you!Tanjirou	Up there, huh?[Action: Inosuke runs along the top of the train.]Inosuke	That guy with the goggle eyes ordered me around! Ugh!But somehow… somehow… somehow, he was awesome! I’m so pissed!!Tanjirou	Inosuke! Keep an eye on the three cars in the front!Inosuke	You don’t have to tell me!And by the way, I’ve found it already! With my all-out Seventh Form! I found this master’s weak spot!Tanjirou	You did? So, it’s in the front, after all?Inosuke	That’s right, up front! And that front part is a heck of a lot creepier![Action: Tanjirou makes it to the front of the train.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The scent got swept away because the wind is so strong, making it hard to detect, but if Inosuke says so, there’s no doubt about it!So, it’s around where the coal’s loaded, right?Inosuke	That’s right!Tanjirou	Understood!Okay, let’s go! Forward![Scene: At the front of the train. Tanjirou hangs on to the side.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Rengoku is protecting five cars for us.(Thoughts) Inosuke’s found the enemy’s weak spot! Zenitsu and Nezuko are fighting, too! (Thoughts) I have to be useful, too! I have to protect everyone!Inosuke	This is it, huh?Urah![Action: Inosuke slices through the top of the conductor’s cabin.]Conductor	Ahh…!Inosuke	All right!Tanjirou	Inosuke!Inosuke	Fishy, very fishy! Especially around here! Conductor	Who the hell are you?! G-Get out of here! Inosuke	The demon’s head… The demon’s… weak spot![Action: Fleshy hands from Enmu’s body reach out toward Inosuke.]Inosuke	Gross![Action: Inosuke begins slicing through Enmu’s body.]Inosuke	Get away from me! Shoo! Shoo![Action: The fleshy hands grab onto Inosuke, preventing him from attacking.]Inosuke	That’s way too many hands!Uh-oh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Water Breathing, Sixth Form! Whirlpool![Action: Tanjirou cuts through Enmu’s fleshy hands.]Enmu	Ahhh!Tanjirou	Inosuke, are you all right?Inosuke	It’s not like you came to my rescue, okay?!Tanjirou	Yeah, I know![Action: Tanjirou kneels down.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s here… It’s right beneath!(Thoughts) Directly below this place… the demon’s scent is powerful! Inosuke! The demon’s head is right below here!Inosuke	Don’t boss me around! I’m the leader!Tanjirou	Fine![Action: Inosuke jumps up into the air.]Inosuke	Just watch.Beast Breathing, Second Fang! Slice!Conductor	Ngh…[Action: Inosuke slices down into the cabin, revealing a large backbone.]Tanjirou	It’s the bone. His neck bone!(Thoughts) Water Breathing, Eighth Form! Waterfall Basin![Action: Tanjirou attacks the backbone but doesn’t cut all the way through.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It blocked it![Action: Arms explode from the backbone. Tanjirou grabs the train conductor and jumps into the air.]Conductor	Wha…![Action: Tanjirou lands with the conductor and puts him down. Enmu’s body begins to regenerate around the backbone.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The gash is closing up. It’s regenerating so fast!(Thoughts) Not only that, but it took everything I had just to expose the bone! I have to sever it!Inosuke! We’re going to synchronize our breathing and attack together! One of us will slash the flesh while the other jumps in to sever the bone!Inosuke	Sounds good! Great idea! I can praise you for that!Tanjirou	Thanks!Let’s go![Action: Tanjirou launches forward, but Enmu’s body appears in front of him. A large eyeball looks directly at Tanjirou.]Enmu	Eyes of Forced Unconscious Sleep.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) A Blood Demon Art![Action: Tanjirou is affected by Enmu’s Blood Demon Art.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He got me! He’s putting me to sleep![Action: Enmu uses his Blood Demon Art on Inosuke.]Tanjirou	Inosuke! Slash your own neck in your dreams! Then you’ll wake up![Action: Tanjirou falls unconscious but cuts his neck in his dream.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s all right! Even if I fall under it, I can break the spell![Action: Tanjirou is affected by Enmu’s Blood Demon Art again.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Idiot! When you wake up, close your eyes! Or else you’ll fall under the spell right away![Action: Tanjirou wakes himself up again.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Okay, I’m awake![Action: Tanjirou jumps down into the cabin but is hit with Enmu’s Blood Demon Art again.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Damn! Even though I’m awake, I can’t avoid looking at the eyes! (Thoughts) I have to wake up with my eyes shut! With my eyes shut![Action: Tanjirou wakes up again but is immediately hit with Enmu’s Blood Demon Art. Tanjirou wakes up and falls asleep multiple times.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No good! Wake up… Wake up!(Thoughts) Hurry! Cut the neck! Cut it! Cut it! I have to wake up![Action: In reality, Tanjirou puts his sword up to his neck.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hurry! Wake up![Action: Inosuke cuts through Enmu’s body and grabs Tanjirou’s wrist.]Inosuke	This isn’t a dream! It’s reality!Don’t fall for his trap! Don’t die such a lame death! Gahahaha! Urah! Urah![Action: Inosuke slices through Enmu’s body.]Inosuke	I’m wearing the hide of the mountain god on my head. I bet he’s too scared to look me in the eye!You loser eyeballs!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I see. He’s having a hard time telling which way Inosuke is looking!Inosuke	All right, now all we gotta do is slash this thing to death.[Action: The train conductor runs toward Inosuke with a knife.]Tanjirou	Ah! Inosuke!Conductor	Don’t you dare get in the way of my dream![Action: Tanjirou jumps in front of the train conductor and gets stabbed.]Tanjirou	Guh…!Inosuke	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou knocks the conductor out.]Inosuke	Did you get stabbed?!Tanjirou	I’m okay.[Action: Tanjirou begins pulling the conductor away.]Inosuke	Just forget about that bastard!Tanjirou	I can’t do that! I won’t let him die!Inosuke	Ngh! If we don’t chop this demon’s head off soon, we won’t be able to make it!Tanjirou	I know! Let’s get moving![Action: Enmu’s body grows around the cabin. Fleshy arms move toward Inosuke. Inosuke dodges them.]Inosuke	Woah![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke dodge the hands moving toward them.]Tanjirou	Inosuke! Synchronize your breathing with mine.Let’s chop off the demon’s head. Let’s attack together!Inosuke	Ngh…Ugh![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke continue dodging Enmu’s attacks. The two jump into the air and down toward the train car.]Tanjirou	Urahh!!Inosuke	Urah!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No good! If I fall asleep now…![Action: Inosuke slashes at the eyes and down Enmu’s body.]Inosuke	Damn you!Come on! Follow me!Beast Breathing, Fourth Fang! Slice and Dice![Action: Inosuke exposes the backbone.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Father, please protect me!(Thoughts) I’m going to sever that bone… with this blow! (Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura… Clear Blue Sky!Enmu	Ah… Ahhh!Rengoku	Hmph![Rengoku causes an explosion, and the train derails.]Demon Slayer S.2 E.06Title: AkazaCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Inosuke Hashibira, Kyoujurou Rengoku, Akaza, Enmu, conductorJapanese script from AnimeKaizoku (kitsunekko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: On the Mugen Train. Inosuke is preparing to destroy Enmu’s main body. The train conductor runs down toward Inosuke with an ice pick.]Conductor	Ngh… Grr!Tanjirou	Ah! Inosuke!Conductor	Don’t you dare get in the way of my dream![Action: Tanjirou steps in front of Inosuke and takes the attack.]Tanjirou	Urgh… Ngh…Inosuke	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou knocks the train conductor out.]Conductor	Gah!Inosuke	Did you get stabbed?!Tanjirou	I’m okay…[Action: Tanjirou begins dragging the conductor away.]Inosuke	Just forget about that bastard! Tanjirou	I can’t do that! I won’t let him die! [Action: Inosuke slices into Enmu’s flesh arms.]Inosuke	Ngh! If we don’t chop this demon’s head off soon, we won’t be able to make it!Tanjirou	I know! Let’s get moving![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke prepare their attack. Enmu’s flesh tentacles rise up and attack.]Inosuke	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ngh… Urahh!Ngh!Inosuke	Urah![Action: Eyes appear on Enmu’s flesh.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Not good! If I fall asleep now…![Action: Inosuke slices at the eyes.]Inosuke	Damn you!Come on! Follow me!Beast Breathing, Fourth Fang… Slice ‘n Dice![Action: Inosuke exposes Enmu’s backbone.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Father, please protect me!(Thoughts) I’m going to sever that bone… with this blow! (Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura… Clear Blue Sky![Action: Tanjirou cuts through the backbone, and an explosion occurs throughout the train.][Scene: On the Mugen Train. Tanjirou launches his attack at Enmu’s backbone.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura… Clear Blue Sky![Action: Enmu’s true head is severed from his body.]Enmu	Ah… Ahhhh!![Action: The train begins to derail and explode.]Tanjirou	Because of its screams and tremors, the train is turning over!Inosuke, are you… Gah![Action: Tanjirou holds his stomach where he was stabbed.]Inosuke	Ah! Hey, is your belly okay?!Tanjirou	Y-Yeah! Inosuke, protect the passen --[Action: The train shakes violently.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: The train conductor’s body begins to fly away.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t die. If I die, that’ll make him a murderer! (Thoughts) I can’t die![Action: Tanjirou begins to fall away from the train. Inosuke and the train conductor fly off.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I don’t want to let anyone die![Action: The train lands hard. Tanjirou lands on the ground.]Tanjirou	Gah! Ngh…[Action: The train comes to a stop.]Inosuke	Ahhh! Woah! Wha… Gah![Action: Inosuke lands on the fleshy parts of the train.]Inosuke	Urgh…Ah… Are you okay, Santarou?!Hang in there! I was lucky I could bounce off the demon’s flesh! Cool, huh?![Action: Inosuke helps Tanjirou sit up.]Inosuke	Is your belly okay?! Your belly that got stabbed!Tanjirou	I’m… all right. What about you?Inosuke	Never felt better! I didn’t even catch a cold!Tanjirou	I won’t be able to move… for a while.Help the others, will you?Was anyone injured? What about the engineer near the head?Inosuke	It’s okay if that bastard dies!Tanjirou	It’s not okay…Inosuke	Ngh… He’s the one who stabbed you in the belly, remember?! He’s got his leg stuck and can’t move!His leg’s shattered, and he can’t walk anymore! Just leave him there, and he’ll die!Tanjirou	Then he’s already atoned for his sin. Help him, will you?Inosuke	Ngh…Tanjirou	Please…Inosuke	Grr…[Action: Inosuke places Tanjirou back down.]Inosuke	Hmph! I’ll go for you, then! Because I’m the boss! Because my minion asked me to!After I rescue him, I’m going to pluck out all of that guy’s hair! Hmph!Tanjirou	That’s really not necessary…(Thoughts) It’s almost dawn.(Thoughts) Get your breathing under control.(Thoughts) We have to… save the injured… before it’s too late.(Thoughts) Nezuko… Zenitsu… Rengoku… I’m sure they’re all safe! You have to believe![Action: Tanjirou begins to breathe more calmly. Part of Enmu’s body crawls out from the rubble of the train.]Enmu	(Thoughts) My body is disintegrating. I can’t regenerate. (Thoughts) Did I lose? Am I going to die? Me?(Thoughts) Ridiculous. Ridiculous! I haven’t been able to go all out!(Thoughts) I couldn’t devour a single human! My plan to fuse with the train and devour humans en masse just went up in smoke!(Thoughts) And look what I’ve been reduced to! After all the time and trouble I’ve taken! (Thoughts) It was him! It’s all his fault!(Thoughts) Even though I’d taken 200 humans hostage, I still struggled! I was held at bay! Is this the power of a Hashira?(Thoughts) And him… He was fast, too. Even though he never broke the spell completely!(Thoughts) Not to mention that girl! She’s a demon! What’s that about?! A demon, joining forces with Demon Slayers? Why hasn’t Master Muzan killed the traitor?!(Thoughts) Dammit… Dammit! In the first place… it all started going downhill once that brat broke my spell! That brat is to blame![Action: Enmu begins reaching out to Tanjirou’s body.]Enmu	(Thoughts) I wish I could kill at least that brat! Somehow!(Thoughts) That’s right, and that boar, too! I could’ve at least killed that brat! But that boar thwarted me. His intuition is extraordinary. He could sense my gaze!(Thoughts) Am I going to lose? Am I going to die? Oh, what a nightmare! What a nightmare!(Thoughts) It’s always the bottom-feeder demons who get killed by the Demon Slayers. In the Upper Ranks, the same demons have remained for the last few centuries. They’restrong enough to defeat Hashira who’ve killed an untold number of demons. Do they have otherworldly powers?(Thoughts) Even after receiving so much of his blood, I couldn’t reach the Upper Ranks!(Thoughts) Ahh! I want to do it over! I want to do it over! What a miserable nightmare this is…[Action: Enmu’s body completely disintegrates. Tanjirou continues to focus on his breathing.]Rengoku	I see you’ve mastered Total Concentration, Constant. Impressive!Tanjirou	Rengoku…Rengoku	After all, Constant is the first step toward becoming a Hashira. Although, there might be 10,000 steps before you can become a Hashira.Tanjirou	I’ll do my best.Rengoku	You’re bleeding from your abdomen. You have to concentrate harder and improve the precision of your breathing.Make your nerves reach every corner of your body. There’s a blood vessel. A torn blood vessel.[Action: Tanjirou continues to pant.]Rengoku	Concentrate harder![Action: Tanjirou begins to concentrate his breathing.]Tanjirou	Ah!Rengoku	That’s it. Stanch it. Stop the bleeding.Tanjirou	Ngh… Urgh…![Action: Rengoku pokes Tanjirou’s forehead.]Tanjirou	Ah…Rengoku	Focus!Tanjirou	Ngh…![Action: Rengoku removes his finger from Tanjirou’s forehead.]Tanjirou	Gah! Ahh…[Action: Tanjirou begins to pant.]Rengoku	Great! Looks like you stopped it.You’ll be able to do all kinds of things when you master breathing. Not that you’ll be able to do everything, but you’ll become a stronger version of yourself than yesterday for sure.Tanjirou	Right.Rengoku	Heh…Everyone’s safe! There are hordes of injured people, but no one’s life is in danger. Don’t strain yourself. Take it easy and rest up.Tanjirou	Thank you very much.Rengoku	Yeah.[Action: Akaza appears, and the atmosphere grows heavy.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Rengoku turns toward Akaza. Tanjirou strains to see him.]Tanjirou	Ahh…[Scene: Near the wreckage of the Mugen Train. Akaza appears.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) Upper… Three? What’s he doing here right now?[Action: Akaza launches himself forward and prepares to hit Tanjirou.]Rengoku	(Thoughts) Flame Breathing, Second Form![Action: Rengoku slices through Akaza’s arm.]Rengoku	(Thoughts) Rising Scorching Sun![Action: Akaza jumps back and regenerates his arm.]Akaza	That’s a fine sword.Rengoku	(Thoughts) He sure can regenerate fast. This heavy and overwhelming demon aura… So, this is an Upper Rank.I can’t understand why you’d go after a wounded person first.[Action: Tanjirou tries to get up.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Urgh…Akaza	He could get in the way of the chitchat… between you and me.Rengoku	What would you and I have to talk about? I’m meeting you for the first time, but I already dislike you.Akaza	Is that right? Well, I loathe weak humans, too. The sight of a weakling makes my skin crawl.Rengoku	Then it looks like our senses of value are completely different.Akaza	All right, then I have a brilliant proposal for you.Why don’t you become a demon, too?Rengoku	I will not.Akaza	I can tell your strength at a glance. You’re a Hashira, aren’t you?Your fighting spirit has been honed to the hilt. It’s close to the realm of the highest.Rengoku	I’m the Flame Hashira, Kyoujurou Rengoku.Akaza	I’m Akaza.Kyoujurou… Let me tell you why you can’t enter the realm of the highest.It’s because you’re a human. Because you’re going to grow old. Because you’re going to die.Become a demon, Kyoujurou. Do that, and you can go on training for a hundred, for two hundred years. You can become stronger.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Of all the demons that I’ve met until now, he has the strongest scent of Kibutsuji! I have to help him fight!Rengoku	Both growing old and dying are part of the beauty of being an ephemeral creature like a human.The fact that we grow old and die is what makes human life so unbearably precious and noble.“Strength” isn’t a word used to describe just the body. This boy isn’t weak!Tanjirou	Ah…Rengoku	Don’t insult him.I’ll repeat it as many times as it takes. You and I have different senses of value. No matter what the reason, I will not become a demon!Akaza	I see.[Action: Akaza plants his hand into the ground. A snowflake pattern appears around him.]Akaza	Technique Development… Destructive Death, Compass Needle!If you refuse to become a demon, I’ll kill you.Rengoku	Ngh…[Action: Akaza runs toward Rengoku. The two are locked in battle. Tanjirou watches helplessly.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t follow their movements!Akaza	There were never any Flames among the Hashira I’ve killed until now.And no one ever took me up on my offer, either.Rengoku	Ngh… Urgh… Ngh![Action: Rengoku cuts into Akaza’s arm.]Akaza	Why do you think that is? As a fellow martial artist, I just don’t get it.Not when only the chosen ones can become demons![Action: Akaza prepares to attack Rengoku.]Rengoku	Ngh![Action: Rengoku cuts off Akaza’s arm, but it regenerates instantly.]Akaza	Watching the hideous decline of someone blessed with extraordinary powers… It pains me! I can’t bear it!Rengoku	Ngh!Akaza	Die, Kyoujurou… while you’re still young and strong.Rengoku	Urah![Action: Rengoku attacks, and Akaza leaps away.]Akaza	Destructive Death… Air Type![Action: Akaza punches the air. Rengoku looks around for the attack. A blast of air hits his sword.]Rengoku	Ngh…[Action: Akaza continues launching attacks at Rengoku.]Akaza	Urahh!Rengoku	Ngh! Gah… (Thoughts) I see.Akaza	Urahhh!Rengoku	Flame Breathing, Fourth Form… Blooming Flame Undulation![Action: Rengoku’s attack blocks Akaza’s air blasts.]Rengoku	(Thoughts) When he strikes the air with his fist, the attack will reach me here.Akaza	Ngh!Rengoku	Urah!(Thoughts) He can move faster than the blink of an eye.[Action: Akaza lands some distance away.]Rengoku	(Thoughts) If I allow him to fight from a distance like this, slicing his head off will be tricky.In that case…[Action: Rengoku launches himself forward instantly.]Rengoku	(Thoughts) … I’ll just have to get up close!Urah![Action: Rengoku slices at Akaza, but he dodges the attack.]Akaza	This superb reaction speed of yours…Rengoku	Urahh!Akaza	… and these breathtaking sword skills will be lost, too, Kyoujurou!Doesn’t that make you sad?!Rengoku	It happens to everyone! It’s a fact of life for any human![Action: Inosuke arrives at Tanjirou’s side. Tanjirou tries to get closer to the fight.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Rengoku	Stay where you are!Tanjirou, InosukeAh!Rengoku	If that wound reopens, it’ll be fatal! Stand back! That’s an order!Tanjirou	Ngh…!Akaza	Don’t bother with that weakling, Kyoujurou! Come on, give me your best shot![Action: Akaza moves to hit Rengoku’s eye, but Rengoku knocks him back.]Rengoku	Ngh…Akaza	Concentrate on me.Rengoku	Urah!Ngh!Akaza	Urk…[Action: Rengoku slices at Rengoku again. The two are locked in battle, and Rengoku sends Akaza flying into the forest. He goes after him.]Akaza	Nice moves!Rengoku	Ah…[Action: Akaza and Rengoku exchange blows.]Rengoku	Ngh…Akaza	Haha!Rengoku	Urah![Action: Rengoku cuts off one of Akaza’s arms again.]Akaza	Ngh![Action: Akaza kicks at Rengoku. Rengoku blocks the attack and is sent flying back.]Rengoku	Urgh!Tanjirou	Rengoku!Inosuke	Ol’ Google-eyes!Akaza	Turn into a demon, Kyoujurou.Rengoku	Ngh…Akaza	Fight with me forever and get stronger with me.You have what it takes to do that![Action: Akaza’s arm regenerates.]Rengoku	I’ll pass! Let me repeat it. I don’t like you!I will not become a demon![Action: Rengoku launches forward.]Rengoku	Flame Breathing… Third Form! Blazing Universe![Action: Akaza dodges Rengoku’s attack.]Akaza	Magnificent! That was sensational!Destructive Death… Air Type!Rengoku	Ngh![Action: Rengoku blocks Akaza’s attack.]Rengoku	Grr… Ngh… Urahh![Action: Rengoku launches himself forward again.]Rengoku	Urahh!Inosuke	(Thoughts) There’s no opening. I can’t jump in. I can’t keep up with the speed of their movements! Those two are in a different dimension!(Thoughts) Getting between them would only mean death! I can feel it in my bones!(Thoughts) I can’t move… because I know that even if I jumped in to back him up, I’d only be a hindrance to him!Rengoku	Urahh! Ngh!Akaza	Woah!Rengoku	Ngh!Tanjirou	Rengoku…Akaza	Urah!Rengoku	Ngh!Akaza	Urgh…Rengoku	Ngh![Action: Rengoku cuts into Akaza’s arm again.]Akaza	You still don’t get it?! If you continue attacking, you’ll just be getting closer to death, Kyoujurou!Rengoku	Urahh![Action: Akaza and Rengoku trade blows. Akaza’s fist moves past Rengoku’s head, and Rengoku’s forehead is cut.]Rengoku	Ngh…(Thoughts) Flame Breathing, First Form… Unknowing Fire![Action: Rengoku cuts through both of Akaza’s arms, but they regenerate instantly.]Akaza	It would be a shame to kill you now! You haven’t reached your physical peak yet![Action: Akaza lands a punch to Rengoku’s stomach.]Rengoku	Gah… Ngh…Second Form… Rising Scorching Sun![Action: Akaza dodges Rengoku’s attack. The two continue to trade blows.]Akaza	In a year or two, you’ll have polished your skills even more, and you’ll have even greater precision!Rengoku	Gah![Action: Akaza’s fist makes it past Rengoku’s block. Rengoku is hit in his left eye.]Rengoku	Guh… Ngh!Gah… Ngh… Grr![Action: Rengoku launches forward again.]Rengoku	Third Form… Blazing Universe![Action: Akaza launches forward, and Rengoku switches techniques.]Rengoku	Fourth Form… Blooming Flame Undulation!Akaza	Destructive Death… Rengoku	Fifth Form… Flame Tiger! Akaza	Disorder! Hahaha![Action: Rengoku and Akaza charge toward each other.]Akaza	Kyoujurou!Rengoku	Ngh!Urah![Action: Rengoku slices off one of Akaza’s arms. Akaza jumps back.]Inosuke	Ohh… Did he do it? Did he win?![Action: Rengoku’s blood drips to the ground.]Tanjirou	Ahh…[Action: Akaza’s arm regenerates. Rengoku breathes heavily.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t tell me… No way!Inosuke	Ah…Akaza	Let’s fight more.Don’t die on me, Kyoujurou.Demon Slayer S.2 E.07Title: Set Your Heart AblazeCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Kyoujurou Rengoku, Akaza, Shinobu Kochou, Giyuu Tomioka, Tengen Uzui, Sanemi Shinazugawa, Obanai Iguro, Gyoumei Himejima, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Ruka Rengoku, young Kyoujurou (Y.Rengoku)Japanese script from AnimeKaizoku (kitsunekko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: Near the wreckage of the Mugen Train. Rengoku and Akaza are locked in battle.]Rengoku	Third Form… Blazing Universe!Fourth Form… Blooming Flame Undulation!Akaza	Destructive Death… Rengoku	Fifth Form… Flame Tiger! Akaza	Disorder! Haha~![Action: Akaza launches toward Rengoku.]Akaza	Kyoujurou!Rengoku	Ngh! Urah![Action: Rengoku severs one of Akaza’s arms. Akaza jumps back.]Inosuke	Ohh… Did he do it? Did he win?! [Action: Rengoku’s blood drips to the ground.] Tanjirou	Ahh…[Scene: Near the wreckage of the Mugen Train. Rengoku breathes heavily.]Tanjirou	Ahh…Akaza	Don’t die on me, Kyoujurou.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Rengoku… Rengoku… Rengoku!Akaza	Even if you fight to the death, you can’t win, Kyoujurou.Those impressive slashes you inflicted on me have already healed completely.But what about you? A smashed left eye, shattered ribs, and damaged internal organs… All irreparable.If you were a demon, you’d heal in the blink of an eye. Those would be mere scratches for a demon.You can struggle all you want, but a human can never beat a demon.Tanjirou	Guh…(Thoughts) I want to go help him… Ngh!(Thoughts) … but there’s no strength in my arms or legs!(Thoughts) It’s partly because of my injury, but this always happens after I use the Hinokami Kagura technique![Action: Rengoku’s spirit flares to life again.]Akaza	Kyoujurou, you…Rengoku	I… I will fulfill my duty! I will not allow anyone here to die!(Thoughts) I’ll damage his body as much as I can in an instant! (Thoughts) Flame Breathing… Esoteric Art![Action: Flames spread around Rengoku as he prepares to attack.]Akaza	Ahh… What a tremendous fighting spirit! Amazing aura despite all those injuries! That mental strength! That airtight stance!Hahahaha… You have to become a demon, after all, Kyoujurou! Let’s fight each other for all eternity!Rengoku	(Thoughts) Set your heart ablaze. Go beyond your limits!I’m the Flame Hashira… Kyoujuryou Rengoku! Ninth Form… Rengoku!Akaza	Destructive Death… Annihilation Type!Rengoku	Urah![Action: Rengoku launches forward.]Akaza	Haha![Action: Akaza launches forward. He and Rengoku meet, and an explosion occurs.]Tanjirou	Rengoku!Rengoku	Urahhh!Akaza	Urahhh![Action: Rengoku slices through Akaza’s arm.]Akaza	Hahaha![Action: Rengoku raises his sword again, cutting through Akaza’s chest.]Rengoku	Urahhh!Ngh! Uahhh![Action: Rengoku slices upward, and a spiral of flame shoots toward the sky.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Rengoku… Rengoku!I see him…Ren… goku… Ah![Action: The smoke clears. Akaza’s arm is through Rengoku’s stomach.]Rengoku	Gah…Tanjirou	Ahhh… Ahh!Akaza	You’ll die! This will kill you, Kyoujurou![Action: Akaza begins to heal himself.]Akaza	Become a demon! Say that you’ll become a demon! You are… strong and one of the chosen ones![Scene: In Rengoku’s past. Ruka sits in bed.]Ruka	Kyoujurou…Y.Rengoku	Yes, Mother?Ruka	I want you to think hard… about what I’m about to ask you.Do you know why you were born stronger than others?Y.Rengoku	Mm… Ah… I don’t know!Ruka	So that you can save weaker people.Those who were born blessed with more gifts than others are obligated to use those gifts for the world and other people.You must never use that God-given strength to hurt others or for personal gain.It is the duty of those born strong to help the weak. It is a mission they must fulfill responsibly. Make sure you never forget that.Y.Rengoku	I won’t![Action: Ruka holds her hand out to Rengoku.]Y.Rengoku	Ah…[Action: Rengoku shuffles forward. Ruka hugs him.]Ruka	I don’t have much more time to live. I was blessed to be the mother of such a strong and gentle child.I will entrust everything to you.[Scene: On the battlefield. Rengoku regains his strength.]Rengoku	Ngh… Urahh![Action: Rengoku cuts into Akaza’s neck.]Akaza	Ngh…!Rengoku	Urahhh!(Thoughts) Mother… It was an honor for me to have been born to such a person as you! Urahhh!!Akaza	Ngh![Action: Akaza aims for Rengoku’s right eye, but Rengoku grabs his hand.]Rengoku	Ngh!Akaza	(Thoughts) He stopped it?!(Thoughts) What unbelievable strength! I’ve pierced through his solar plexus with my right arm!Ah…[Action: Akaza looks toward the sky.]Akaza	(Thoughts) Damn! It’ll be daybreak soon! (Thoughts) I have to kill him and get out of here! Ah…[Action: Akaza tries to pull his hand out of Rengoku’s stomach but can’t.]Akaza	(Thoughts) I can’t… pull my arm out!Rengoku	(Thoughts) I won’t let you escape!Akaza	Ngh… Grr…!Rengoku	Urahhh![Action: Tanjirou hobbles toward the treeline.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No matter what Rengoku says… I have to… do it right now![Action: Tanjirou grabs his sword and runs toward Rengoku and Akaza.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I have to slice off the demon’s head! Quickly!Akaza	(Thoughts) The sun is coming up! There’ll be sunlight here! (Thoughts) I have to get away… I have to get away!Ngh… Uohhh!!Tanjirou	Ngh!Rengoku	(Thoughts) No way am I ever letting go! Not until I chop off your head!Rengoku	Urahhh!!Akaza	Urohhh!Out of my way!Rengoku	Urahhh![Action: Rengoku’s sword slips further into Akaza’s neck.]Inosuke	Ah!Tanjirou	Move, Inosuke!Inosuke	Huh?Tanjirou	Move your body for Rengoku’s sake!Inosuke	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou and Inosuke run toward Rengoku and Akaza.]Inosuke	Beast Breathing, Fang One… Pierce!Akaza	Ngh![Action: Akaza rips his arms off and stomps. The wind blast pushes Tanjirou and Inosuke back.]Inosuke	Ah!Tanjirou	Ngh… Ah!Ah!Akaza	Ngh! Ngh… Grr…[Action: Akaza lands some distance away.]Akaza	Ah![Action: Akaza’s arms regenerate.]Akaza	(Thoughts) I have to find refuge from the sunlight![Action: Akaza runs into the forest. Tanjirou runs after him and throws his sword.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Akaza	(Thoughts) That took too long!(Thoughts) I have to get away from the sun!Ah…[Action: Tanjirou’s sword pierces through Azaka’s chest.]Akaza	Gah!Ngh…[Action: Akaza continues running away.]Tanjirou	Don’t run away! Don’t run away, you coward! Don’t run away!Akaza	Huh?(Thoughts) What the hell is that brat talking about? Doesn’t he have a brain in his head?!(Thoughts) I’m not running away from you! I’m running away from the sun!(Thoughts) And besides, the battle’s already been decided! He’ll run out of strength and die soon![Action: Akaza flees the area.]Tanjirou	The Demon Slayer Corps… is always fighting you demons in the dark of the night where you have the advantage! That’s right, us flesh and blood humans!Our wounds won’t close up that easily! And we cannot regenerate a limb once it’s lost! Don’t run away, you bastard! You bastard! You coward!Rengoku is way more amazing than you! He’s stronger! Rengoku didn’t lose! He didn’t let anybody die!He fought to the end! He protected them to the end! You’re the one who lost! It’s Rengoku who won!![Action: Tanjirou cries.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ahhh!! Ahhh![Action: Tanjirou falls to his knees and sobs.]Rengoku	Heh… Stop yelling already.Tanjirou	Ah…Rengoku	You’ll reopen that stomach wound. You’re badly injured, too, remember?If you die, young Kamado, it’ll mean I’m the loser.Tanjirou	Rengoku…Rengoku	Come over here. Let’s talk a bit, one last time.Tanjirou	Ahh… [Scene: In the morning, at the wreckage of the Mugen Train. Tanjirou sits with Rengoku.]Rengoku	There’s something that I remembered… while I was dreaming. You should go to my parents’ home, the Rengoku residence. There should be some notes left by the preceding Flame Hashira.My father read them often, but since I never did, I don’t know what’s in them.[Action: Akaza’s arm in Rengoku’s chest disintegrates.]Rengoku	There might be some kind of record of that Hinokami Kagura that you mentioned.[Action: Rengoku’s blood seeps into his clothes.]Tanjirou	R-Rengoku, please don’t talk any more. Please stop the bleeding with a breathing technique! Isn’t there a way to close up your wounds?Rengoku	No. I’ll be dead soon.Tanjirou	Ah…Rengoku	I’m going to tell you all I can while I can still talk, so listen, will you?Tell my little brother Senjurou… to follow his heart… and to walk down the path that he feels is right.Tell my father… that I want him to take care of himself. One more thing, young Kamado…Tanjirou	Ah…Rengoku	I believe in your little sister. I accept her as a member of the Demon Slayer Corps.I saw her bleeding as she protected the humans inside the train.Anyone who risks their lives fighting demons to protect humans… is a rightful member of the Demon Slayer Corps, no matter what anyone else says.Go ahead and live with your head held high!Tanjirou	Mm…Rengoku	No matter how devastated you may be by your own weakness or uselessness… set your heart ablaze.Grit your teeth and look straight ahead.Even if you stop and crouch down, time won’t wait for you… or snuggle you and grieve along with you.Don’t feel bad that I’m going to die here. As a Hashira, of course I would shield my juniors.Any other Hashira would’ve done the same thing. We never let the young buds get nipped.Young Kamado… Boar Head Boy… Yellow Boy… Keep learning and grow. And then become the next Hashira supporting the Demon Slayer Corps.I believe in you. I believe in you all.[Action: Tanjirou covers his face as he cries. As Rengoku’s vision begins to fade, he sees his mother in the distance.]Rengoku	Ah…(Thoughts) Mother… Do you think I did it right?(Thoughts) Did I carry out what I had to do… and my duties?Ruka	(Thoughts) You made me proud.Rengoku	Heh…[Action: Rengoku smiles, and his body goes limp.][Scene: Sometime later. Zenitsu joins Tanjirou and Inosuke with Nezuko, who is now in her box.]Zenitsu	When the train went off the rails, Rengoku had unleashed all these techniques… He must’ve kept the damage to the cars to a minimum.Tanjirou	I guess he did…Zenitsu	I can’t believe he’s gone… I mean, did an Upper Rank demon really show up?Tanjirou	Yeah…Zenitsu	Why would an Upper Rank demon come here? Was it that strong? I mean…Tanjirou	Yeah…[Action: Tanjirou clenches his fists and begins to weep.]Tanjirou	I’m so frustrated…As soon as I master one thing, I find another thick wall right in front of me…While more powerful people are fighting far beyond it… I just can’t make it there yet!If I’m still stumbling around in a place like this, can I… can I… ever become like Rengoku?[Action: Zenitsu begins to cry. Inosuke grips his sword tightly.]Inosuke	Stop whining already!Tanjirou	Ah…Zenitsu	Ah…Inosuke	Stop asking dumbass things like whether you can or can’t be like him!He said he believes in you, so just think about how you’re going to measure up to that!All living things just go back to the earth when they die! Sobbing or sniveling won’t bring them back![Action: Inosuke begins to cry through his mask.]Inosuke	Don’t cry even if you have regrets! No matter how pathetic or humiliated you feel, you still have to go on living!Zenitsu	But you’re crying, too. There are tears flooding out from that headpiece…[Action: Inosuke headbutts Zenitsu.]Zenitsu	Erk!Inosuke	I’m not crying!Zenitsu	Gah…[Action: Zenitsu falls unconscious. Inosuke runs around with his arms flailing.]Inosuke	Ahh… Ahh! Ahhh![Action: Inosuke shakes Tanjirou’s shoulders.]Inosuke	Get over here! We’re gonna train![Action: Inosuke pulls Tanjirou along by his haori. The trio continue to mourn Rengoku.][Scene: In the city. Rengoku’s kasugai crow informs other members of the Demon Slayer Corps of his death.]Shinobu	Is that so… Rengoku is…Uzui	So, even Rengoku couldn’t beat an Upper Rank demon?Iguro	I don’t believe it.Himejima	Namu Amida Butsu…Shinazugawa	I’ll exterminate those repulsive demons!Tomioka	I see.[Scene: At the Demon Slayer Headquarters. Ubuyashiki looks out over the garden.]Ubuyashiki	So, not one of the 200 passengers lost their lives? Kyoujurou did a great job, then. What a remarkable child.I’m not sad. I don’t have much longer to live, either.Soon, I’ll be joining Kyoujurou and the others in the land of the dead.[Scene: At the wreckage of the Mugen Train. Tanjirou continues to mourn.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Rengoku… Rengoku… Rengoku!  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.2 E.08Title: Sound Hashira Tengen UzuiCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Kanao Tsuyuri, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Kyoujurou Rengoku (Rengoku), Tengen Uzui, Aoi Kanzaki, Sumi Nakahara, Naho Takada, Kiyo Terauchi, Hotaru Haganezuka, Shinjurou Rengoku, Senjurou Rengoku, Muzan Kibutsuji, AkazaJapanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed and organized by DayfairiesEnglish subtitles from GogoAnime subtitles English transcribed by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: During the battle between Rengoku and Akaza. Tanjirou watches helplessly as the two fight.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Rengoku…[Action: Rengoku stands his ground, bloodied and tired.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Rengoku… Rengoku![Action: Rengoku gets into a fighting stance.]Rengoku	I… I will fulfill my duty! I will not allow anyone here to die!Flame Breathing… Esoteric Art! (Thoughts) Set your heart ablaze.Tanjirou	Rengoku!Rengoku	Urahhh!!Akaza	Haaa![Action: Rengoku slices through Akaza’s arm.]Akaza	Hahaha!Rengoku	Ngh! Uohhh!![Action: Rengoku ends the battle with an explosion but is mortally wounded.]Rengoku	Set your heart ablaze.Tanjirou	Rengoku…[Scene: Sometime later, at the crash site of the Mugen Train. Tanjirou, Inosuke, and Zenitsu cry following Rengoku’s death.]Tanjirou	Rengoku… Rengoku… Rengoku…Inosuke	Stop that crying!And you! Snap out of it, for crying out loud! We’re gonna train now![Scene: At the Demon Slayer Headquarters. A kasugai crow delivers the news of Rengoku’s death and Tanjirou’s words.]Ubuyashiki	I see. Tanjirou said that?Akaza	(??) (Flashback) Gah…!Tanjirou	(??) (Flashback) Don’t run away, you coward! Don’t run away!(??) (Flashback) The Demon Slayer Corps… is always fighting you demons in the dark of the night where you have the advantage!(??) (Flashback) Don’t run away, you bastard! You bastard! You coward!Ubuyashiki	Let us all carry on Kyoujurou’s will together.[Scene: At night. In the form of a young boy, Kibutsuji goes to a bookstore before returning home to a large manor where his adoptive parents chat with guests.]Group	Hahahaha!Guest	My, he certainly seems like a bright young child.Father	Seriously… Not being blessed with my own offspring had made me despondent… but now that such a fine boy has come to us, I can rest easy.[Scene: At the manor. Kibutsuji’s adoptive parents speak with their guests.]Mother	Every day is so blissful. I couldn’t be happier. He’s such a kind little kid.So considerate toward the help. I’ve never seen a child his age who is so gentle- mannered.Father	Blood has nothing to do with parental affection. I’m going to have that boy take over my business for me!Guest	I really envy you! I wish I could trade our idiot son for him!Group	Hahahaha!Father	He’s a fine boy. No doubt about it.It’s just that… as he suffers from a skin disease, he can’t go outside during the day.Guest	Oh dear, the poor thing.Father	I was hoping that we could develop a wonder drug for him at my company. The sooner the better.[Action: Akaza enters Kibutsuji’s room through a glass door.]Akaza	I am here to report to you… Lord Muzan.[Action: Muzan’s eyes change to their normal look.]Kibutsuji	Have you found what I asked for?Akaza	I looked for it but came up empty.Having no way to even confirm its existence… I was unable to locate the blue spider lily.Kibutsuji	And?Akaza	I will continue to do my utmost to live up to your expectations, Lord Muzan.As ordered, I did eliminate one Hashira, so you may rest assured.Kibutsuji	You seem to have the wrong idea about this… Akaza.[Action: A wave of pressure from Kibutsuji washes over Akaza.]Akaza	Ngh…!Kibutsuji	So what if you disposed of one Hashira? As if that were such a feat.A demon beating a human is a forgone conclusion.Akaza	Ngh…Kibutsuji	What I want is for the Demon Slayer Corps to be annihilated.Pummel the life out of every last one of them, and never let another one enter my line of sight again.It’s hardly a complicated task. And yet, I’m still waiting for it to happen. What do you have to say about that?You boast of having killed a Hashira, but there were three other Demon Slayers there.Why did you fail to kill them off after I made a point of sending you there because you happened to be nearby?Akaza… Akaza… Akaza… Akaza![Action: Blood bursts out from Akaza’s mouth and eyes.]Kibutsuji	You have disappointed me.To think that you suffered a blow by a swordsman who isn’t even a Hashira… How far you have fallen, Upper Three.Dismissed.[Action: Akaza leaves.]Father	I just heard a loud noise. Are you okay?Akaza	Grr…!Tanjirou	(Flashback) You coward![Scene: In a forest. Akaza throws Tanjirou’s sword into a tree and begins punching it.]Akaza	Uohh! Gurahhh! Tanjirou	(Flashback) You coward! Akaza	Ngh!I know what you look like, boy!The next time we meet, I’m going to spray your brain matter everywhere![Scene: At the Butterfly Mansion. Aoi makes dumplings and sets them aside. Zenitsu takes a plate of bean paste buns back for Tanjirou.]Aoi	Hmm? Hmm…[Action: Zenitsu walks down the hall with the bean paste buns.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) So even Tanjirou can sink into despair and feel hopeless, too.(Thoughts) Well, why not? Even someone who sounded as well-trained as Rengoku ended up dead.(Thoughts) That would make anyone sad and fall apart.(Thoughts) Look at Inosuke. Even he was bawling. I guess he was beyond frustrated. (Thoughts) Even the strongest person can suffer and feel sorrow, huh?(Thoughts) Even still, since there’s no point in cowering forever, they beat their wounded souls again and again and get back on their feet.(Thoughts) I’m sure that Rengoku was that kind of person, too. That’s the kind of sound he gave off. Not that it wasn’t a little odd, but his sound was strong and kind.[Action: Zenitsu arrives at the hospital room and peeks around the corner.]Zenitsu	Tanjirou, I secretly snagged us some bean paste buns, so let’s eat![Action: Kiyo jumps back and smacks her head against Zenitsu’s face.]Kiyo	Ahh!Zenitsu	Gah…!Kiyo	Tanjirou’s missing!Oh, Zenitsu! I’m so sorry!Zenitsu	No, I’m totally fine… What’s wrong?Kiyo	Your focus is totally off!I really am sorry! Tanjirou’s nowhere to be found, so…!Zenitsu	I’m fine…Kiyo	Tanjirou’s wounds aren’t even healed yet, but he’s been training, so Lady Shinobu has really been on edge, too!He was told to rest in bed!Zenitsu	Ah! That stomach wound of his was pretty deep, right?How dumb is that?[Scene: Somewhere in town. Tanjirou follows Rengoku’s kasugai crow.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Rengoku’s crow… Thanks.(Thoughts) He’s carrying out Rengoku’s will by guiding me to his house.[Action: Tanjirou continues following Rengoku’s crow before clutching at his stomach in pain.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Gah… Ahh…[Action: Tanjirou looks up to see Senjurou standing with a broom outside the Rengoku residence.]Tanjirou	Are you… Senjurou?[Action: Tanjirou approaches Senjurou and bows.]Tanjirou	Have you heard of Kyoujurou Rengoku’s passing?I have messages from Kyoujurou for his father and for you, Senjurou… so I’ve come to relay them to you.Senjurou	From my brother? I already know what happened to my brother…Excuse me! Are you all right? Your face is deadly pale!Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Shinjurou comes to the front gate with a bottle of sake.]Shinjurou	Knock it off!Senjurou, TanjirouAh…Shinjurou	He would’ve only left the most worthless of messages, anyway.Look what he got for becoming a swordsman when he had no real talent. No wonder he died!Worthless.What a fool of a son Kyoujurou was!A person’s talent level is determined the day he’s born.Only a mere handful have any talent. The rest are just members of the masses! Completely useless trash, they are![Action: Shinjurou takes a drink of sake.]Shinjurou	Kyoujurou was in that group. He had no real talent. So why wouldn’t he end up dead?Senjurou! The funeral’s over now. It’s high time you wiped that gloomy look off your face![Action: Senjurou begins to tear up.]Tanjirou	Hold on!That’s going way too far. Please stop talking about him like that!Shinjurou	Who the hell are you?Get out! Don’t you dare set foot on our property!Tanjirou	I’m with… the Demon Slayer Corps![Action: Shinjurou sees Tanjirou’s earrings.]Shinjurou	Ngh…![Action: Shinjurou drops his bottle of sake.]Shinjurou	You… I get it now. You… You’re a wielder of the Sun Breathing technique, right? Am I right?!Tanjirou	Sun Breathing? What are you talking about?Shinjurou	Ngh…!Senjurou	Ah!Tanjirou	Ah…!Shinjurou	Ngh![Action: Shinjurou pushes Tanjirou to the ground and pins him by his neck.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) So fast! There were no amateur moves!Senjurou	Father! Please stop! Just look at his face! Can’t you see that he’s not well?!Shinjurou	You keep your mouth shut!Senjurou	Ah…![Action: Shinjurou slaps Senjurou away.]Tanjirou	That’s enough, you monster!Ngh![Action: Tanjirou kicks Shinjurou’s hand away and gets back up.]Tanjirou	Why are you acting like this, anyway?!Insulting your own child, who lost his life… striking him… What is it that you want to do?!Shinjurou	You… You’re mocking us, aren’t you?!Tanjirou	What makes you say that? I have no idea what you mean! Now you’re just slandering me!Shinjurou	That’s because you’re a wielder of the Sun Breathing technique!I know all about those earrings. It was written in the book!Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) Sun Breathing… Could he be talking about Hinokami Kagura?Shinjurou	The first breathing… The first breathing technique ever created… The most powerful of them all.And all the other techniques are derived from Sun Breathing!All the others just mimic Sun Breathing. They’re just cheap imitations, retrograde versions of Sun Breathing! Fire, Water, Wind… All of them!Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) What does he mean?(Thoughts) We’ve been charcoal burners for generations. We have records to prove it.(Thoughts) Sun Breathing… Hinokami Kagura… No, never mind that… There’s something more important than that!Shinjurou	Don’t get cocky just because you’re a wielder of the Sun Breathing technique, boy!Tanjirou	Grr…!As if I could!Can’t you see how devastated I am by my own weakness?! Why, you… miserable old fart!Senjurou	Look out! My father is…Tanjirou	Don’t you badmouth Rengoku… Don’t you dare![Action: Tanjirou charges toward Shinjurou with his fist raised.]Senjurou	… a former Hashira![Action: Shinjurou hooks his arm under Tanjirou’s and catches it.]Tanjirou	Ah!Shinjurou	Ngh![Action: Shinjurou punches Tanjirou in the face.]Senjurou	Please stop… Father!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) But why?(Thoughts) If Hinokami Kagura is a Sun Breathing technique… then, that day, why wasn’t I able to save Rengoku?(Thoughts) Why? Why?!Shinjurou	Ngh…![Action: Shinjurou prepares to punch Tanjirou again, but Tanjirou headbutts him with full force.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Why couldn’t I?!Shinjurou	Urk…!Senjurou	Ah!Shinjurou	Ahh…[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou sits in the receiving room of the Rengoku residence.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Now look at what I’ve done…[Action: Senjurou brings out a cup of tea.]Senjurou	Here’s some tea. Please drink it.Tanjirou	Ahh… Thank you.Sorry. I mean, for headbutting your father… Is he okay?Senjurou	I think he’ll be fine. He even went out to buy some sake once he came to.Tanjirou	Is that right? Senjurou	Thank you very much. Tanjirou	Huh?Senjurou	You took a load off my mind.I could never even talk back when he badmouthed my brother. What were my brother’s last moments like?[Action: Tanjirou explains the situation to Senjurou.]Senjurou	I see. So, my brother was valiant until the end… Thank you very much.[Action: Senjurou puts his head to the floor.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou bows as well.]Tanjirou	Oh no, please…Forgive me for coming up short.Senjurou	Please don’t worry about it. I’m sure my brother told you the same thing, didn’t he?[Action: Senjurou brings out a book on the record of the Flame Hashira.]Senjurou	Something in a book my father often read rang a bell.I believe this must be it.Tanjirou	Ah… Th-Thank you very much!Senjurou	Is what you’d like to know in those pages?[Action: Tanjirou opens the book.]Tanjirou	L-Look at this![Scene: At the Rengoku residence. Tanjirou has opened the record of the Flame Hashira to find that the pages have been torn.]Senjurou	Look at this!Tanjirou	Ahh…It’s ripped to shreds… It’s unreadable for the most part. Was it like this from the start?Senjurou	No, that’s not possible. After all, the Flame Hashira Chronicles are stored very carefully.I believe it was my father who tore those pages. I’m so sorry.Tanjirou	No, it’s not your fault, Senjurou. Please don’t feel bad about it.Senjurou	But you came all this way for it, only to end up learning nothing about Hinokami Kagura or what my father called “Sun Breathing”.Tanjirou	It’s all right. I know what it is that I must do.I’m going to train harder.Even when it comes to Hinokami Kagura, though I know how to perform the dance… I still haven’t managed to master it.Senjurou	Is that right?Tanjirou	When I use Hinokami Kagura while maintaining Total Concentration, I can’t move my body the way I want to.I’m to blame for that. I can’t physically keep up with it.My stamina’s improved thanks to Total Concentration, Constant, but it’s still not enough.I’m supposed to gain stamina by the day if I can maintain Constant, but I can’t get stronger in an instant.That day, if only I’d been more powerful in an instant… If only there’d been a way for me to become strong enough to save Rengoku…I’ve tried to come up with one. But there’s no such convenient method. There just weren’t any shortcuts.All I can do is struggle. To move forward by pulling out all the stops to do whatever it is that I can. No matter how grueling or frustrating it may be.And then, I… am going to become a powerful Hashira like Kyoujurou… no matter what.[Action: Senjurou begins to cry.]Senjurou	Ah…My brother didn’t have a Tsuguko.Normally, I would’ve become his Tsuguko and would’ve had to train as a Hashira in reserve.But… my Nichirin Sword failed to change color.Nichirin Swords don’t change color until you’ve acquired a certain level of sword skills… but no matter how much training I underwent, it was no good.I’m going to forget about becoming a swordsman… and be useful to others in some other way.This will break the line of the Flame Hashira and inflict damage on its long history… but I’m sure that my brother… will forgive me.Tanjirou	Walk down the path that you feel is right.If anyone dares to badmouth you, Senjurou… I’ll personally headbutt them!Senjurou	I don’t think that’s a good idea…Tanjirou	Ngh…[Scene: In the evening. Tanjirou prepares to return.]Senjurou	I’ll restore the Flame Hashira Chronicles myself. I’ll look into other books, as well. I’ll also ask my father, and if I find out anything, I’ll send word through our crow.I’m glad that I got to talk to you. Please get home safely.Tanjirou	No, I’m the one who should be thanking you.Senjurou	Wait, Tanjirou.Please take this.[Action: Senjurou holds out the sword guard from Rengoku’s sword.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Senjurou	It’s my brother’s Nichirin Sword guard.Tanjirou	I-I can’t accept something as valuable as this! I…Senjurou	I want you to take it with you. I’m sure it will protect you.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Senjurou gives Tanjirou the sword guard.]Tanjirou	Thanks.[Action: Tanjirou leaves. Senjurou waves him off, and Senjurou heads back inside the property.]Senjurou	Excuse me.[Action: Senjurou opens the door to the veranda, where Shinjurou is sitting.]Senjurou	Are you back? Um, our visitor --Shinjurou	Shut up! I don’t give a damn. Get out of here.Senjurou	B-But my brother’s message to you --Shinjurou	Worthless!It’s probably just his gripes toward me. I already know what he’d say! Now get out of my sight!Senjurou	Very well.“Please take care of yourself.” Those are the only words that my brother left behind for you, Father.Rengoku	(Flashback) I’ll be heading out now, Father.[Action: Shinjurou grabs his sake bottle to take a drink but stops. He begins to cry.]Shinjurou	Ngh… Kyoujurou…[Scene: In the evening. Tanjirou is heading back to the Butterfly Mansion.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Do I have a fever? I can’t breathe.Don’t worry, Nezuko. The Butterfly Mansion’s not far off.[Action: Haganezuka stands at the end of the path, clearly furious.]Haganezuka	Ngh… Grr…!Tanjirou	Ah! Haganezuka	Urahhh!! Tanjirou	Mr. Haganezuka!Haganezuka	You lost your sword?! Are you out of your mind, you fool?!You deserve to die ten thousand times over!! Uwahhhh!![Action: Haganezuka chases Tanjirou around with two knives.]Tanjirou	I’m sorry! I’m sorry! Please! I’m truly sorry!Haganezuka	Ugahhh!! Urahh!![Action: Haganezuka continues chasing Tanjirou into the night. Tanjirou runs up a tree.]Haganezuka	Ahhh!![Action: Haganezuka chases Tanjirou up the tree.]Tanjirou	Gah~!Haganezuka	Urahhh!![Action: Tanjirou jumps down from the tree. Haganezuka shortly follows.]Haganezuka	Huh? Huh? Huh, huh? Urahhh!![Scene: In the morning, at the Butterfly Mansion. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke sit down for breakfast. Tanjirou is exhausted.]Zenitsu	He says that he got chased by Mr. Haganezuka until close to daybreak.Inosuke	So that’s why you’re not eating? Gimme!Haganezuka	(Flashback) Urahhh! Urahhh~!Aoi	(Flashback) This way!Tanjirou	(Flashback) Sorry!Haganezuka	(Flashback) Urahh~!Tanjirou	Ahh… If Aoi hadn’t calmed him down for me, he would’ve kept chasing me until noon.Aoi	Would anyone like seconds?Kiyo, Naho, SumiWould you like some?Inosuke	Gimme!Tanjirou	Aoi, thank you for yesterday. You, too, Sumi, Kiyo, and Naho.Aoi	Don’t mention it. It was nothing.Zenitsu	What’s Mr. Haganezuka up to now?Aoi	Mr. Haganezuka? Oh, he’s sitting on the veranda, eating rice dumplings.Kiyo	And it seems like he’s finally back in a good mood!Tanjirou	Thank goodness…Sumi	Rice dumplings are Mr. Haganezuka’s favorite food! Naho	Next time he starts fuming, you should go buy some. Inosuke	I want to have some, too!Aoi	Fine, I’ll go get you some later, all right?[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke are training.]Boys	Urahh! Ugh…!Zenitsu	No~! Help! I’m gonna die!Boys	Urahh~!Kiyo	100 more to go!Boys	Urahh~!Tanjirou	(Narration) Almost four months had gone by since Rengoku’s death.(Narration) Every day, we trained… while following the crow’s orders in between. And we each headed out to take down demons.[Action: Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke prepare to head out on missions.]Kiyo, Naho, SumiTake care!Tanjirou	(Narration) Zenitsu no longer threw fits, even when he had to go on solo missions.Zenitsu	Give me a lock of Nezuko’s hair! I promise I’ll do my best!Tanjirou	(Narration) Inosuke became even more aggressive than before. Inosuke	We’re gonna run hard until our bones shatter! Come on, you guys! Tanjirou	(Narration) Not being all alone…You’re almost there! You can do it!(Narration) … I think it’s a blessing.Zenitsu	Nezuko~![Scene: At night, in the rain. A karasu crow gives Tanjirou his instructions.]Crow	North-northwest! North-northwest! Destroy the demon lurking in the mountain shrine.North-northwest! North-northwest![Scene: At the mountain shrine. Tanjirou arrives with Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Nezuko, are you okay? You’re not getting wet from the rain, are you?Nezuko	Mm-mm.Tanjirou	Okay. The demon should be around here somewhere…[Action: Tanjirou hears something and draws his sword.]Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou smells something foul.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Demon	Grah![Action: The demon attacks Tanjirou from above. Tanjirou dodges the attack, and the demon gives chase. Nezuko emerges from her box and attacks the demon.]Nezuko	Ngh!Demon	Gah…!Tanjirou	Let’s do this, Nezuko!Nezuko	Ngh~!Demon	Grr…![Action: The demon flees. Tanjirou and Nezuko give chase down the mountain.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Dammit! I messed up!(Thoughts) We’re going to end up in the village![Action: The demon runs into a family’s shed.]Demon	D-Dammit! What kind of Demon Slayer is that?! Provoking a demon like me!Ugh…![Action: Tanjirou appears in the doorway.]Tanjirou	You’re finished. Better resign yourself. I’m really sorry about this.Demon	Don’t give me that… you little punk![Action: The demon launches toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Total Concentration… Water Breathing, fourth form![Action: Tanjirou cuts through the demon and beheads him.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Striking Tide![Action: A young boy comes out to look in the shed but finds nothing.]Boy	That’s strange… I know I heard something.[Scene: In the morning, on the way back to the Butterfly Mansion. Tanjirou is returning from his mission.]Tanjirou	Phew… I’m exhausted.Nezuko, we’ll be reaching the Butterfly Mansion soon.Aoi	Please stop!Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou hears the cries of Aoi, Naho, Sumi, and Kiyo from the Butterfly Mansion property. Uzui holds Aoi over his shoulder.]Aoi	No~!Please let us go! I… This girl is… I’m begging you!Uzui	Stop yammering. Just shut up.Kiyo	Please stop!Sumi	Please let them go!Aoi	K-Kanao!Kanao	(Thoughts) Mission… Order… Shinobu… Superior… Aoi… Naho… Hashira… Coin… Order… Coin… Coin! I’ll decide by flipping a coin!Tanjirou	(Flashback) Follow your heart!Kanao	Ah…![Action: Uzui begins walking off with Aoi and Naho.]Aoi	Kanao!Naho	Lady Kanao~![Action: Uzui stops in his tracks after Kanao grabs Aoi’s hand and Naho’s robe.]Aoi	Kanao…Sumi, Kiyo	Lady Kanao…Uzui	Could you be more unflashy? Stop that yanking.Did you forget that you just received orders?Kanao	Ngh…Uzui	Say something, dammit! You really are unflashy!Kiyo	Ahh!! Ch-Charge~!Sumi	Charge~!Sumi, Kiyo	Charge~!Uzui	Huh?[Action: Sumi and Kyio climb onto Uzui to keep him from leaving.]Uzui	Hey! You guys! Knock it off right now!Tanjirou	How dare you treat girls like that! Let go of them!Kiyo, Naho, SumiAh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No… Are they swarming around him? Or being held? Which is it?Kiyo	He’s kidnapping them! Please rescue them!Uzui	Why, you…[Action: Uzui knocks Kiyo off him.]Kiyo	Ahh!Uzui	… you little idiot!Kiyo	Ahh~!Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh… Urgh![Action: Tanjirou charges forward to headbutt Uzui, but Uzui vanishes, leaving Kanao, Sumi, and Kiyo up in the air.]Tanjirou	Huh… Erk…!Kiyo	Ah![Action: Tanjirou falls to the ground, and Kiyo lands on Nezuko’s box.]Tanjirou	Are you all right?!Kiyo	Yes!Uzui	You’re a fool.Tanjirou	Grr…![Action: Uzui appears on the gate to the Butterfly Mansion.]Uzui	I’m Lord Tengen Uzui, former shinobi. A flashy man renown around these parts.Do you really think I’d fall victim to one of your pissant headbutts?Tanjirou	Let Aoi and Naho go, you lousy kidnapper!Kiyo	You heard him! You heard him! Tanjirou	What do you think you’re doing?! Sumi	Pervert! Pervert!Uzui	Hey, you two! Who do you think you’re talking to, dammit!I’m your superior! I’m a Hashira, dammit!Tanjirou	I don’t acknowledge you as a Hashira! Hmph!Uzui	Don’t “hmph” me!Who cares if you don’t acknowledge me?! You little bottom-feeder! Did your brain matter explode or what?!I’m taking these two because I need some female Corps members for a mission! And I don’t need permission from Kochou to take anyone who’s not a Tsuguko!Kiyo	Naho isn’t a member of the Corps! Can’t you see she’s not wearing the uniform?!Naho	Ugh…[Action: Uzui tosses Naho aside.]Uzui	I don’t need her, then.Naho	Ahh!Tanjirou	Ahh![Action: Tanjirou catches Naho.]Tanjirou	How could you do such a thing, you inhuman brute?!Naho	Wahh! He dropped me!Uzui	For now, I’m just going to take this one on my mission. Not that she looks like she’ll be of any use. But somehow, she is a Corps member, at least.Tanjirou	Everyone has their own personal reasons, so don’t be so insensitive and stir things up!Give us back Aoi!Uzui	Lame. So lame.No wonder the Demon Slayer Corps is getting weaker and weaker, with guys like you wailing and moaning in an unflashy way!Tanjirou	Grr…!We’ll go in place of Aoi!Uzui	What do you mean by “we”?[Action: Zenitsu and Inosuke join Tanjirou’s side.]Uzui	What’s going on, you three? What do you have to say?Inosuke	I just got back this second, but I have power to spare! I’ll be glad to go.Zenitsu	Y-Y-Y-You let Aoi go, you hear me?!You may be a muscular monster, but I’m not b-backing down! No, sir!Boys	Grr…!Uzui	Is that right? Then I guess I’ll take you with me.Boys	Ah…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) You backed down just like that, huh? Uzui	But remember this… Don’t you dare defy me! [Action: Uzui slaps Aoi’s rear.]Aoi	Ahh![Action: Uzui releases Aoi. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke stand behind Uzui for directions.]Kiyo	Tanjirou…Zenitsu	He’s gigantic…Inosuke	So? Where are we going, old man?Uzui	The number one spot in Japan that’s dripping with lust and desire, a super-flashy place… the Entertainment District where demons reside.Demon Slayer S.2 E.09Title: Infiltrating the Entertainment DistrictCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Tengen Uzui, Aoi Kanzaki, Naho Takada, Kiyo Terauchi, Sumi Nakahara, Koinatsu, Makio, Daki’s obi sash (Obi)Japanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed and organized by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles English transcribed by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: Outside the Butterfly Mansion. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke are preparing to head out with Uzui.]Tanjirou	The… Entertainment District?Zenitsu	You know, that thing! Know what I mean? The place where… Huh? You don’t get it?Tanjirou, InosukeHuh?Zenitsu	E-Ehehe…Uzui	Listen up![Action: Uzui begins his explanation while making gestures flamboyantly.]Uzui	I am a god!You three are… trash!That’s the first thing you need to pound into your heads! Drive it in! You’re to turn into dogs if I tell you to…Boys	(Imagination) Bark, bark, bark, bark!Uzui	… and turn into monkeys if I say so!Boys	(Imagination) Ook ook!Uzui	Hunch over and rub your hands together, constantly pander to my every whim, and suck up to me with every fiber of your being!Tanjirou	(Imagination) You said it.Zenitsu	(Imagination) That’s our Lord Uzui all right.Inosuke	(Imagination) Right.Uzui	And let me repeat! I am a god![Action: Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke stare at Uzui blankly.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) This guy is crazy…[Action: Tanjirou raises his hand to ask a question.]Tanjirou	What are you the god of, specifically? Zenitsu	(Thoughts) I don’t believe this guy…! Uzui	Good question.Zenitsu	HuhUzui	You have potential.Zenitsu	(Thoughts) But it’s a stupid question. What potential?!Uzui	The god of flashiness… I’m the god of festivals.Zenitsu	(Thoughts) What an idiot. He’s the god of stupidity, no question about it. Inosuke	I’m the king of the mountains! Nice to meet you, god of festivals! [Action: Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Uzui stare at Inosuke blankly.]Uzui	What are you talking about?You sure are creepy.Zenitsu	(Thoughts) No! You two are a close match for each other! Cringeworthy![Action: Inosuke tries to fight Uzui.]Inosuke	Huh?! What did you say?!Tanjirou	Back off, Inosuke!Uzui	Creepy.Inosuke	Let me go, Konpochirou!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) So, he only has distates for those living in the same dimension.Uzui	So, there’s no time to fool around. Let’s go.Follow me.[Action: Uzui launches away, creating a cloud of dust.]Boys	Urk…[Action: The cloud of dust disappears, and Uzui is gone.]Tanjirou	Huh?Zenitsu	He vanished?Oh![Action: Zenitsu points to Uzui running down the road.]Zenitsu	So fast! Look how far he’s gone! He’s no bigger than a sesame seed now!Inosuke	So this is the power of the god of festivals…Tanjirou	No, that man is Tengen Uzui, a Hashira. Zenitsu	We have to go after him! Go after him! Aoi	Please be careful!Kiyo, Sumi, NahoPlease be careful!Girls	Safe travels![Scene: At night, in the Entertainment District. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, Inosuke, and Uzui are travelling by rickshaw.]Tanjirou, ZenitsuWoah…Uzui	Listen, you three. Don’t do anything that’ll make you stand out. Remember that we’re only here to case the joint. Whatever you do, don’t get out of the carriage.Zenitsu	Ohh…![Action: Zenitsu jumps out of the rickshaw.]Tanjirou	Hey! Don’t do it, Zenitsu!Inosuke	Urahh![Action: Inosuke also jumps out of the rickshaw.]Tanjirou	Inosuke![Action: Tanjirou gets out of the rickshaw.]Tanjirou	Come back here!Uzui	Those stinking brats!Inosuke	Oh… Ohh…Tanjirou	Settle down, Inosuke.Uzui	Get back here, dammit!Hey, yellow boy! Stay where you are!Inosuke	Ngh… Ugh…Zenitsu	This is…Tanjirou	It looks like it’s daytime.Uzui	This is the Yoshiwara Entertainment District. Awash in vanity and desire of men and women, a town of the night swirling with love and hate.Inosuke	Wha… Wha…Uzui	Flashy, huh?Inosuke	What the heck is this?! It’s teeming with people!Ooh… Comin’ through![Action: Inosuke charges away.]Uzui	Ah![Action: Inosuke charges into a man.]Man	Woah!Uzui	What the… Calm down, moron!Tanjirou	Ahh…[Action: Uzui returns with Inosuke over his shoulders.]Uzui	Hey! Where did the kid with the yellow head go?Tanjirou	What?![Action: Zenitsu wanders through the streets.]Prostitute 1	You there, yellow boy!Zenitsu	Ah…Prostitute 1	Why don’t you stop by?Prostitute 2	We have candy. Prostitutes	Fufufu! Fufufu! Zenitsu	Ngh… Ahh… Prostitute 1	Come on, this way.[Action: Zenitsu runs off in embarrassment.]Zenitsu	This place is full of beautiful ladies!Uzui	Shut the hell up![Action: Uzui punches Zenitsu over the head.]Zenitsu	Gah…!Uzui	You’re too young for this!Zenitsu	Ah… Ahh…Uzui	Take a good look. See, this place goes to sleep during the day and at night, it sparkles and dazzles. The ideal place for a demon, am I right?Tanjirou	Ah…Uzui	Women who become prostitutes are mostly sold here due to poverty and debt.In return, they’re given food, clothing, and lodging, and if they can climb up the ranks, a rich man might buy out their contracts.There are ranks among prostitutes, as well. The highest-ranked oiran is on a different level. Beauty is a given, and she’s also intelligent and has mastered every traditional art.She’s the breadwinner, upon whom each house has lavished time and money. A woman of distinction.Tanjirou	Is that right?Uzui	All right, that’s enough scouting. Come on.[Scene: At a building with the wisteria family crest. Uzui enters the building.]Uzui	Sorry to impose![Action: Uzui sits down to explain the situation to Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke.]Uzui	Now listen up.When you’ve infiltrated the Entertainment District, first look for my bride. I’ll be digging for information on the demons as well.Zenitsu	This is outrageous!Uzui	Huh?Zenitsu	I’ll thank you not to mess with us! How dare you use your subordinates to personally find a bride for yourself!Uzui	Huh?! How did you get that idea?! Zenitsu	Nope! I’m going to have my say! Tanjirou	Zenitsu!Zenitsu	I’m sure that a screwed-up oddball like you has no luck with the ladies! However, even so, just because you want a wife, that’s no reason to use Demon Slayers like us!Uzui	Are you an idiot?! I’m talking about a wife who’s infiltrated the Entertainment District and is hard at work gathering intel on the demons!I’ve stopped receiving regular check-ins, so I’m going, too, all right?!Zenitsu	I suppose that’s why you fantasize…Uzui	You damn punk![Action: Uzui throws a bunch of envelopes at Zenitsu.]Zenitsu	Gahh!Uzui	These are the letters sent via Kasugai Crow.Tanjirou	There’s quite a lot of them. Has she been undercover for a long time?Uzui	Well, I do have three of them. Wives.Zenitsu	Three of them… Wives… Th-Three?!Why, you… Why, you! Why would you have three of them?! Don’t mess with me![Action: Uzui punches Zenitsu in the stomach.]Uzui	Ngh!Zenitsu	Gah…[Action: Zenitsu is knocked out.]Uzui	You’ve got a problem with that?Tanjirou	Um, in the letters, they keep reminding you not to stand out when you come.Uzui	That’s what I told you, remember?Tanjirou	So, what are we going to do, exactly?Uzui	Well, of course, disguise yourselves. As much as I hate it, in a drab way.All three of my wives are brilliant ninjas. Kunoichi.I was sure that this district would be a perfect place for the demons, but when I went in as a customer, I couldn’t get anything on them. So I sent them in to get closer than a customer ever could.Since I’ve already narrowed down the likeliest houses to three, you three will search for my wives there and gather information.Suma of the Tokito House, Makio of the Ogimoto House, and Hinatsuru of the Kyougoku House.Inosuke	Your wives must be dead, don’t you think?Tanjirou	Gahh![Action: Uzui punches Inosuke in the stomach.]Uzui	Ngh!Inosuke	Gah…[Action: A man with a clothing box opens the door to the room.]Man	Pardon me. I have brought you the items you asked for.Uzui	Thanks.[Scene: At one of the houses. Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke in female clothing and makeup present themselves to the owner and proprietress.]Owner,	Ahh…ProprietressProprietress	My, my… Now these three are certainly… quite homely girls, aren’t they?[Action: The owner rubs his eyes in disbelief.]Owner	Ngh… Urgh…No, I don’t think we can…Uzui	Isn’t there any way you can reconsider?Under your training, madam, I’m sure they’d turn into diamonds.Owner	I’m sorry, but…Proprietress	Fufu…Owner	Hm?Proprietress	Well, I guess taking in one wouldn’t be a problem!Owner	What?!Uzui	Then, please take one. Sorry to impose, madam.Proprietress	Then, I think we’ll take the one in the middle. She looks very obedient.Tanjirou	I promise to work as hard as I can![Action: Uzui leaves with Zenitsu and Inosuke.]Uzui	You guys are beyond hopeless! I can barely give you away.Zenitsu	Haa… I’m not talking to you, all right?Uzui	Are you incensed because I made you disguise yourself as a girl?Inosuke	Huh?[Action: Inosuke splits from Uzui and Zenitsu.]Uzui	You said you’d do anything I asked!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) I don’t give a damn about dressing like a girl, moron.(Thoughts) It’s that face of yours! Look at you! You’re a stud! Don’t screw with me!Inosuke	Hey! Over there! A bunch of people are swarming around![Action: Inosuke and Zenitsu move toward the crowd.]Inosuke	Huh?[Action: Koinatsu and her attendants proceed down the street.]Zenitsu, InosukeAhh…Uzui	Oh, that’s a procession of courtesans. That’s Tokito House’s Koinatsu-oiran.The highest-ranking courtesan is going off to meet her client. How flashy is that?Zenitsu	Wife! Is she your wife, by any chance?!Is that knockout your wife?! That’s too much!You’ve got three of them! Are they all beautiful like her?![Action: Uzui punches Zenitsu in the face.]Uzui	She’s not my wife!Inosuke	She walks so slow. She’d get killed in a second in the mountains.Huh?[Action: The madam of the Ogimoto House stands over Inosuke and approaches Uzui.]Madam	Hey, mister… I’ll be taking this girl back to my house. Is that all right?Uzui	Oh, so you’re…Madam	Yes, the Ogimoto House chaperone.Uzui	If she’s caught the eye of the Ogimoto House, I couldn’t be more thankful. But what kind of stroke of luck is this?Madam	Oh, please. I have a sure eye for these things.[Action: Inosuke leaves with the madam of the Ogimoto House.]Uzui	Take care of yourself, Inoko!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Oh no! I’m the only leftover![Scene: At the Ogimoto House. The madam returns with Inosuke and removes the makeup.]Madam	What do you think?Attendant	Oh, my! Unbelievable!Madam	They’d plastered her face in a bizarre way, but just look at her now that it’s off!Inosuke	Huh?Madam	I’ll train her like nobody’s business! I’ll make sure she’s in more demand than Kyougoku House’s Warabihime or Tokito House’s Koinatsu![Action: The madam and attendant carry Inosuke off.]Attendant	Yes, but this girl is actually quite sturdy.Madam	Well, it’s better for a girl to be plump and meaty, right?Attendant	I think she’s more muscular than plump…[Scene: At the Kyougoku House. Zenitsu plays the shamisen aggressively.]Prostitute 1	O-Oh, that girl can really play the shamisen.Prostitute 2	Yes, she’s so dynamic. Did she join us recently?Prostitute 3	She seems to have a good ear. I was told that she can play the shamisen or koto after just one listen.Prostitute 2	But she sure is ugly. I’m surprised that she got taken in here. Prostitute 3	The man who brought her here was drop-dead gorgeous, I hear. Prostitute 1	Oh my!Prostitute 2	Was he really? I wish I could’ve seen him.Prostitute 3	And that chaperone hag was totally smitten.Attendant	Fufu… You know what? I can tell. That girl is to rise to the top.Prostitute 2	Huh?Attendant	The grittiness to get back at the man who abandoned her… I can sense it. A girl like that has a backbone.Prostitute 1	I-I see.Uzui	(Flashback) You can have her clean the toilets or whatever! Please, just take her! (Flashback) Heck, I’d even give her away for free if I had to!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) I’m going to make that guy pay! I swear I’m going to become the number one oiran in Yoshiwara!![Action: At the Tokito House. Tanjirou fixes a kimono.]Prostitute 1	Sumiko? Sumiko?Tanjirou	Yes?Prostitute 1	We’re so short-staffed now. Could you carry these up?Tanjirou	Understood! I’ll take them up right now!Prostitute 2	Thanks. You’re such a hard worker.Prostitute 1	After we removed your makeup, she found the scar on your forehead, so the madam was seething with rage yesterday.Owner	(Flashback) Just stop it! It’s no use lashing out at this poor child!Tanjirou	Yes! I’m so glad they’re letting me work here![Action: Tanjirou carries a bunch of boxes up to the second floor in one go.]Prostitute 2	Isn’t she… rather strong?Prostitute 1	Strong…[Action: Koinatsu’s servants close the sliding door to her room.]Servant 1	They’re saying that Kyougoku House’s madam fell from a window and died.Servant 2	That’s scary. Let’s be careful, okay?A lot of the older girls are leaving these days, pulling out from the house.Servant 1	So scary.[Action: Tanjirou arrives upstairs with the boxes.]Tanjirou	What is “pulling out”? Servant 2	That’s a lot of baggage. Tanjirou	There…They’re all gifts for Koinatsu-oiran.Servant 1	Sumiko, you don’t know?“Pulling out” means to run away from here without paying off your debts.Servant 2	It’s really bad if you get caught.Tanjirou	Is that right?Servant 1	Some people do manage to run off with the man they love.Servant 2	Right, like the other day, Suma-oiran…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Suma? That’s Uzui’s wife.Um…Koinatsu	Stop spreading those rumors. After all, nobody knows if she really did make it out of here.Servant 1,Servant 2Right.Koinatsu	So, you brought these up for me? Thank you.Tanjirou	Um, right.Koinatsu	Come here.[Action: Koinatsu gives Tanjirou a bundle of sweets.]Koinatsu	Let me give you some candy.Eat it in secret by yourself, okay?Servant 1	I want some, too.Servant 2	Oiran, Oiran!Koinatsu	No. You just had some, remember?Tanjirou	Um, did Suma-oiran pull out?Koinatsu	Why would you ask a question like that?Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) She has her guard up. I have to find a way to ask about Miss Suma. Um…Servant 1	Candy.Tanjirou	Suma-oiran is my… she’s my… ngh… she’s my… older sister. Gahh…Koinatsu, ServantsWhat?!Koinatsu	So, you were sold into the Entertainment District after your sister?Tanjirou	Y-Yes. I’ve been exchanging letters with my sister all this time, and I know she wouldn’t pull out.Koinatsu	Is that right?Tanjirou	Phew…Koinatsu	True, I couldn’t believe that Suma would pull out, either. She was such a grounded girl.There were no signs that she was infatuated with any man. But they found her diary, and I hear that she’d written about pulling out.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Pulling out… How convenient is that for demons?(Thoughts) Even if someone were to vanish, people would only assume that she’d run away. The diary was probably forged.(Thoughts) I pray that you’re safe. We’re going to rescue you, no matter what, Miss Suma![Scene: On a rooftop in Yoshiwara. Uzui sits and contemplates.]Uzui	(Thoughts) All quiet today, too. I’m getting a really bad feeling. It’s like being enveloped in smoke.(Thoughts) So adept at becoming invisible… Could it be that the demon residing here is an Upper Rank demon?(Thoughts) If that’s the case… we could be in for an ultra-flashy fight to the death.[Scene: At the Ogimoto House. Inosuke carries a tray of food.]Inosuke	Ngh…(Thoughts) So hot! I’m dying to take these off! Wearing this stupid outfit blunts my senses like you wouldn’t believe!Prostitute 1	Oh, Yae! Do you have a minute?Do you think Makio’s all right?Inosuke	Ah…Prostitute 2	Well, she’s shut herself into her room and won’t come out, and all she said is that she wasn’t feeling well, but she won’t go to the hospital.Sooner or later, the madam’s going to drag her out.Prostitute 1	I just brought a meal to her. I only left it outside her door, but…Inosuke	(Thoughts) Makio? That’s Uzui’s wife. I finally heard her name mentioned. (Thoughts) Not feeling well? Like that would stop her from checking in.That woman came from that direction, huh?(Thoughts) Guess I’ll take a look.[Action: Inosuke runs down the hall.]Prostitute 1	Oh, Inoko.Prostitute 2	You’ll hurt yourself if you rush like that![Action: Inosuke bows and walks off.]Prostitute 1	What a quiet girl.Uzui	(Flashback) You have a husky voice, so don’t ever say a word.(Flashback) And you stink at falsetto, so everyone will know right away that you’re a guy. I’m not kidding.Inosuke	(Thoughts) What am I supposed to do, dammit?[Scene: In Makio’s room. Makio is tied up by Daki’s obi sashes.]Obi	Now, then, answer me. Now, then, answer me. Now, then, answer me… Now, then, answer me.[Action: Daki’s obi sash tosses a pile of letters to the ground.]Obi	Who were you writing these letters to?What was your name again? Oh, that’s right. It’s Makio.Makio	Ngh…Obi	Answer me, Makio.  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.2 E.10Title: What Are You?Character List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Daki / obi sash (Obi), Makio, Kibutsuji Muzan, Omitsu, courtesanJapanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed and organized by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles English transcribed by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In Yoshiwara, at night, in the past. A courtesan approaches Daki as she prepares for her nightly duties.]Courtesan	Hey! This all started ever since you got here, you know!How many people do you think have vanished from this House? What is it that you’re doing on the sly?!Daki	Fu…Courtesan	Grr…![Scene: In Yoshiwara, during the day. A lecherous looking man strolls through the streets.]Man	Ahh… So, this is it! Ogimoto House. Fufufu…[Action: The man enters Ogimoto House. Inside Makio’s room, Daki’s obi sash addresses Makio, who is tied up by a bunch of kimono sashes.]Obi	Now then, answer me.[Action: Daki’s obi sash throws some envelopes on the ground.]Obi	Who were you writing these letters to?What was your name again? Oh, that’s right. It’s Makio.Makio	Grr…!Obi	Answer me… Makio.[Scene: In the Kyougoku House of the entertainment district. Zenitsu, dressed as a girl, walks through the halls.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) It seems like I lost sight of who I was. I was supposed to be looking for Uzui’s wife, Hinatsuru.(Thoughts) What good would it do to hone my shamisen and koto skills?(Thoughts) Still, what am I going to do? I’ve been all ears since I got here, but I haven’t heard a word about Hinatsuru.(Thoughts) It was two days ago that the owner of this House passed away, huh? Everyone’s gloomy, and they’re keeping their mouths shut.[Action: Zenitsu stops and listens carefully.]Prostitutes	Get that for me, will you?I can’t find my sash! I’m so hungry.Has the hairdresser arrived yet?[Action: Zenitsu hears a girl crying.]Zenitsu	We have a crisis. A young girl is crying.[Scene: At the Ogimoto House. Inosuke investigates Makio’s disappearance.]Obi	Hmm? Someone else is on their way.Ogimoto House certainly has no shortage of busybodies.Makio	(Thoughts) I have to find a way to let him know! (Thoughts) Lord Tengen![Action: Daki’s obi sashes pull Makio into the air and wrap around her waist tightly.]Makio	Ugh! Ngh…!Obi	Make a commotion, and I’ll pulverize all the organs in your body.Makio	Ugh…![Action: Inosuke notices the tray of food outside Maki’s room.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) That must be the food that woman left. So it means that’s Makio’s room, huh? (Thoughts) It’s odd… It feels so odd! Is she in some kind of trouble now? I can’t tell. (Thoughts) I’m getting this slimy, creepy vibe, but…Tsk! Sitting here thinking and not doing a thing… isn’t my style![Action: Inosuke opens the doors to Makio’s room. The room is empty, and the windows are covered with papers. A wind blows through.]Inosuke	Ah!(Thoughts) The wind… even though the windows are closed… (Thoughts) The attic…Grr… Hey, damn you![Action: Inosuke throws the bowl of udon at the ceiling of the room.]Inosuke	I’m onto you![Action: The ceiling begins to shake violently.]Inosuke	What? It’s clattering around in the ceiling!Grr…![Action: Inosuke runs out of Makio’s room and chases the demon down the hall.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) It’s a demon, just like I thought! Where’s it heading? Where’s it running off to?!Out of my way!Woman	Ahhh!Inosuke	I’m not letting you get away![Action: Inosuke opens the door to where the prostitutes are getting ready for their day.]Prostitute	Ahh!What’s going on?!Attendant	Ahh![Action: Inosuke runs past the prostitute and the attendants and crashes through a door to another hallway.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) It’s daytime, so it escaped up there!(Thoughts) But it has to climb down the walls at some point! Right there!![Action: Inosuke prepares to punch through the wall, but the lecherous man from earlier appears around the corner.]Man	Ohh! Now there’s a sweet young thing…Inosuke	Urah![Action: Inosuke punches the lecherous man in the face.]Owners	Ah… Ahh~!You punched him!Inosuke	(Thoughts) Dammit! I messed up! It’s fleeing downstairs![Action: Inosuke follows the demon downstairs.]Inosuke	This way?!No, it’s this way…Dammit! It’s hard to get a feel for it! I lost sight of it! Dammit! It’s all because people got in my way![Scene: In the Kyougoku House. Zenitsu finds a young girl crying in Daki’s room.]Zenitsu	Hey! It’s like a disaster struck here! What happened in this room?!Servant 1	Ah…Zenitsu	Huh?! W-Were you in a fight?! Are you okay?!Servant 1	Ahh…!Zenitsu	H-Huh? Hey![Action: Zenitsu comforts the crying girl.]Zenitsu	A-Are you all right? Come on, settle down, okay?I wasn’t angry with you, all right? Sorry about that. If you’re in any kind of trouble -- Ah…![Action: Daki appears behind Zenitsu.]Daki	What are you doing in my room?Zenitsu	(Thoughts) That’s… a demon standing behind me. That’s not what a demon sounds like.(Thoughts) I didn’t even notice her until right before she spoke to me. I-Is that even possible?(Thoughts) This is bad news, but it’s so quiet that I’m actually terrified! (Thoughts) This must be… an U-Upper Rank demon, right?Daki	Hey! Are you hard of hearing or something?Servant 2	Huh… Ah… Warabihime-oiran…Servant 3	That girl just started here the day before yesterday, so…Daki	What? So what if she did?Servant 2,Servant 3Ah…Zenitsu	Forgive me for entering without permission! The room’s in such disarray, and this girl was crying, so…Daki	Could you get any uglier? You really make me ill. Wouldn’t you be better off dead?What’s up with that hair color of yours? Do you actually want to stand out?Zenitsu	Ah…Daki	This room is still in shambles.I thought I told you to clean it up.Servant 1	Ah…[Action: Daki pulls on the servant’s ear.]Servant 1	Ahh!Daki	Shut up! Stop that screaming! You clean up this room! Servant 1	I’m sorry! I’m sorry! I’ll do it right now! Please forgive me! [Action: Zenitsu grabs Daki’s wrist.]Daki	What?Zenitsu	Please… take your hands off her![Scene: In the evening, at the Tokito House of the entertainment district. Dressed as a girl, Tanjirou does his cleaning duties and prepares for the day.]Tanjirou	Madam, I’ve finished scrubbing the hallways and preparing the flowers.Proprietress	What? Already?Tanjirou	What shall I do next?Proprietress	N-Next? Um…[Action: Tanjirou prepares a new cup of tea for the proprietress.]Tanjirou	Here’s a fresh cup of tea, madam!Proprietress	Ahh… Sorry to trouble you.Tanjirou	Not at all!Madam, what’s next?Madam, what’s next? Madam!Proprietress	Would you be quiet?! Just hold on for a second![Action: Tanjirou cleans the cracks between the doors.]Proprietress	You’re a quick worker and such a diligent child, aren’t you?[Scene: At the Ogimoto House. The madam finds the hole that Inosuke smashed into the wall.]Madam	That new girl went and smashed up the house!It looks like I need to teach that one a harsh lesson. Hey, Inoko![Action: The madam opens the door to a room to find Inosuke resting on his forearms with his legs over his head.]Madam	Wh-What on earth are you doing?!Inosuke	(Thoughts) I can’t sense it even if I focus. Where the hell did it go?[Action: Inosuke gets back up in a dramatic fashion.]Madam	Ah![Scene: In the Kyougoku House. Zenitsu holds onto Daki’s wrist.]Daki	What did you say? Let’s hear you say that again.Zenitsu	Please take your hands off her.Daki	Up close, you’re even uglier than I thought.Zenitsu	Take your --Daki	How dare you… touch me…[Action: Daki backhands Zenitsu with her fist.][Scene: At the Kyougoku House, two days before Tanjirou and the others arrive. Omitsu approaches Daki in Daki’s room.]Omitsu	I want you to stop it right now!Daki	Stop what?Omitsu	Stop causing people here to get hurt, leave, or commit suicide, that’s what!As for the ones who killed themselves, you may as well have bullied them to death, Warabihime!Daki	That’s a harsh thing to say, Madam. You’re not going to take my side, then?You don’t think it’s their own fault for irritating me?Omitsu	Until now, I’ve looked the other way more times than I can count, but something’s not right about you! I can’t protect you anymore![Action: Daki tilts her head to the right.]Daki	And exactly whose earnings was it that allowed this House to prosper so, you hag?Omitsu	Years and years ago, when I was still a child… the old lady from the teahouse told me a story!She’d become profoundly forgetful, but she told me about a certain oiran.She was incredibly beautiful, but also incredibly twisted by nature. The old lady said that she’d seen such oirans when she was a child and again when she was middle-aged.These oirans were fond of assuming names ending with “hime”… and if anything were to irritate them, they’d cock their heads to the side and glare at you from below.You… Who are you?!Could it be… that you’re not human?![Action: Daki pulls Omitsu out of the room and onto the roof with her sashes. She dangles Omitsu over the edge of the building.]Omitsu	Ahh… Ugh! Ahh…Daki	That’s the kind of thing… that you should keep your mouth shut about when you realize it. It’s the smart way to live.That’s how everyone’s survived until now.But it looks like you’re far more stupid than I ever thought. It’s a real pity, Omitsu.Omitsu	Ahh…Daki	There’s no need for you to be so scared.The dried-out flesh of old hags like you tastes horrible. If it’s ugly or dirty, there’s no way I’d ever put it in my mouth!Goodbye, Omitsu.Omitsu	St… Stop… Ahh!![Action: Daki drops Omitsu to the ground and kills her.]Villagers	What was that sound?She’s dead! No way…!Someone, help!Ah! Isn’t that the madam?! Hurry! Someone call the house master right away![Action: Daki goes back into her room through the window. Kibutsuji waits for her inside.]Daki	Ah!Kibutsuji	How are you doing?Daki	Lord Muzan!Kibutsuji	I can see that you’ve devoured scores of humans. You’ve gained even more power than before.That’s a good thing.[Action: Daki bows.]Daki	Yes, sir!Kibutsuji	But you mustn’t let your guard down. The more things go your way, the more apt you are to get the rug pulled out from under you.Daki	Understood!Kibutsuji	A skilled member of the Demon Slayer Corps, a Hashira, could recognize us as demons right away.On the other hand, aside from those as capable as Hashira, we cannot see any differences between humans at a glance.Although we can distinguish them by blood type, disease, and genes… things that humans have no knowledge of.Daki.Daki	Yes! Yes, Lord Muzan?Kibutsuji	I have high hopes for you.No one is as beautiful as you, nor as strong. You’ve disposed of seven Hashira.You’re going to become even more powerful from here on out. You’ll become cruel. You’re an extraordinary demon.[Scene: In the present, at the Kyougoku House. Daki backhands Zenitsu, and Zenitsu goes flying through some doors.]Zenitsu	Ugh!Servant 2,Servant 3Ahh!Daki	Don’t you dare touch me in such a familiar way! Don’t flatter yourself, you rotten little punk!It looks like you’re in need of some discipline! Some severe discipline!Master	Warabihime-oiran…[Action: The house master gets on his hands and knees.]Master	I beg of you. Please.Please forgive her. It’s almost time for us to open. Our customers will be arriving.I’ll be sure to reprimand her harshly, so please, for now… Please, just help me save some face.Daki	I suppose I may have lashed out at this newcomer too mercilessly. Tend to her wounds, please.Master, please raise your head. I’m the one who should be apologizing. Lately, so many things have left me feeling irritated.I’m heading off to work, so get this place tidied up right now.Servant 1	Y-Yes, ma’am!Owner	Call for some help. Get this room cleaned up! Don’t do anything that would get on Warabihime-oiran’s nerves!Daki	(Thoughts) That little brat… From what I can sense, his injuries are only minor.(Thoughts) Even though he’s blacked out… he went on the defensive. He’s no civilian.(Thoughts) He’s probably with the Demon Slayer Corps. That said, he doesn’t have the skill of a Hashira.[Action: Daki prepares for work.]Daki	Fu… It took a bit of time, but you did a good job bringing him in. Just keep them coming.I’ll be happy to kill and devour them all.[Scene: At the Tokito House. Tanjirou carries a bunch of floor cushions outside the rooms.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s a murky scent in the air.(Thoughts) At night, in this city… there’s a murky scent in the air.[Scene: At night, at the Kyougoku House. Zenitsu rests in bed.]Servant 1	Zenko!Servant 2,Servant 3Zenko![Action: Zenitsu wakes up and sits up with a start.]Zenitsu	Ah!Servant 2	Ah…!Servant 3	Thank goodness!Servant 1	Are you okay, Zenko?Zenitsu	Wow… Ah… What happened to me?Servant 2	You got punched, Zenko, and you blacked out!Zenitsu	Ahh… That’s right, my name is Zenko. I had a dream that I’d become a man…Servant 2	We brought you some food, so be sure to have it!Servant 3	Use this to cool down your cheek.[Action: The servant girl offers a towel to Zenitsu. Zenitsu takes it and applies it to his cheek.]Zenitsu	Ugh! Ouch, ouch, ouch…Servant 2	Are you okay?Zenitsu	Yes, it’s not as bad as it looks, I don’t think.Servant 1	Zenko, thank you.Zenitsu	Huh?Servant 1	This is what you got for defending me…Zenitsu	Any man would rescue a damsel in distress. That’s a given.Not that I’m a man, all right? What I mean is, any human would, see?For instance, the eldest daughter or whatever! I’m the eldest daughter, so I can’t stand by while a younger girl weeps! Not normally!Servant 1	That’s not true. Everyone here has their hands full just taking care of themselves.We’ve never met a kindhearted person like you before.Zenitsu	Ah…Servant 2 See you later, Zenko. Servant 1 Take care of yourself. Servant 3  Get lots of rest, okay? Zenitsu	Right, thanks![Action: The three servant girls leave. Daki’s sashes completely wrap around Zenitsu.]Demon Slayer S.2 E.11Title: TonightCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Tengen Uzui, Koinatsu, DakiJapanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed and organized by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles English transcribed by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At the Tokito House. Two servants approach Koinatsu.]Servant 1	Oiran, Oiran! Let’s play! Let’s play!Koinatsu	Fine, fine.Servant 2	Oiran!Koinatsu	Hmm?Servant 2	Read me a story!Koinatsu	I'd be happy to. Which should I read?Servant 2	Hmm, let’s see…Servant 1	Me, too! Read me a story, too!Koinatsu	All right, then let me read this one first, and when I’m done, shall I read that one?Servant 2	You can read mine later!Servant 1	Mine, too!Servant 2	You always copy me!Servant 1	Well, because --Koinatsu	Now, now… Oh, that reminds me!First, I have something to give you two.Servant 1	What is it? What is it?Servant 2	What are you giving us, Oiran?Action: Koinatsu brings out two hairpins.]Servant 1,Servant 2Wow~!Servant 2	But… these are you treasures, aren’t they, Oiran?Koinatsu	It’s okay. Don’t worry. I want to give them to you because I’m fond of you both. Fufu.Servant 1,Servant 2Wow… Thank you![Action: Tanjirou stands outside Koinatsu’s room.]Servant 1	Oiran, Oiran! Put this comb on me!Servant 2	Hurry, hurry!Koinatsu	Right. One at a time, okay?[Scene: At the Kyougoku House. An attendant informs the owner that Zenitsu is missing.]Owner	Nowhere to be found?Attendant	Yes. Uh, it’s Zenko. The one with the yellow hair.She fainted, so we put her to bed, but she’s not in her room. Shall we have them look for her?Owner	Don't bother. Forget it. Don’t look for her.She’s pulled out. What do I care?She must’ve run off somewhere. Just forget about it.Attendant	But Master…Owner	Would you shut the hell up?![Action: The owner throws an abacus at the attendant.]Attendant	Ah!Owner	Dismissed!Don’t ever mention Zenko’s name again![Action: The owner tosses a bunch of papers aside.]Owner	Tell the others not to, either.It’s all because they got on Warabihime-oiran’s nerves! Both Zenko and Omitsu.[Scene: On the rooftop of a building. Tanjirou and Zenitsu meet up.]Inosuke	I told you! There’s a demon at my House, all right?!Tanjirou	Well…[Action: Inosuke makes some motions with his hands.]Inosuke	I’m telling you, it was a thing like this! You know, like this!Tanjirou	Yeah, sure, uh… Hold up a second, okay?Inosuke	Like this?! Do you get this, then?!Tanjirou	Uzui and Zenitsu should be coming soon to check in, so…Inosuke	It was like this, okay?! It was clear to me!Tanjirou	Yeah, yeah…Uzui	Zenitsu won’t be coming.Tanjirou	Ah…!Inosuke	(Thoughts) This guy’s got mad skills.(Thoughts) He didn’t make a sound. Not even the slightest puff of wind.Tanjirou	“Zenitsu won’t be coming.” What do you mean by that?Uzui	I feel bad about putting you through this.I wanted to… rescue my wives so badly, I made some bad decisions.As it stands, Zenitsu is missing. There’s been no contact since last night. You two should leave now. You’re ranked too low for this.If the demon here turns out to be an Upper Rank, you couldn’t handle it. If you vanish from here, they’ll assume that you’re dead.I’ll be continuing this mission on my own.Tanjirou	No, Uzui, we --Uzui	Don’t be ashamed.Tanjirou	Ah…Uzui	Whoever survives wins. Don’t overlook your chance.[Action: Uzui leaves.]Inosuke	Come back here, old man!Tanjirou, InosukeAhh…Tanjirou	You think he can’t trust us because we’re the lowest rank?Inosuke	Hey, our rank is Kanoe. We’ve already moved up.Tanjirou	Huh?Inosuke	Do you remember all the rankings?Remember how we used to be Mizunoto at the very bottom? Now we’re fourth from the bottom, Kanoe!Murata	(Imagination) Oh, snap! You caught up to me!Inosuke	(Imagination) Gahahah! Eat it, you pissant crybaby! We’ll be moving past you in no time!Murata	(Imagination) What was that, you stupid boar?!Inosuke	(Imagination) You wanna fight?![Action: Imaginary Inosuke and Murata begin fighting. Imaginary Kanao throws a coin at them.]Inosuke, Murata(Imagination) Gahh!Inosuke	Ready? Watch this.Show me my ranking.[Action: Inosuke holds his fist up. The Kanoe rank mark appears on the back of his hand.]Inosuke	How do you like that?!Tanjirou	What…(Thoughts) What was that?Inosuke	Huh? They fiddled with your arm on Wisteria Mountain, didn’t they?Tanjirou	I remember them fiddling with it, but I was exhausted.Inosuke	It’s called “Wisteria Flower Engraving”, and you say that phrase and flex your muscles to invoke it.Tanjirou	I had no idea about that.Inosuke	It’s a sign that you’re a Demon Slayer.Tanjirou	Haa…Inosuke	Hey, cheer up!Tanjirou	Wait! We don’t have time for this! Sorry!As soon as night falls, I’ll head over to your Ogimoto House!So wait for me until then. It’d be dangerous to make a move on your own!Inosuke	Why should I do that?!Tanjirou	I’ll be done investigating my own House today![Action: Inosuke pinches Tanjirou’s cheek.]Inosuke	Grr… I told you, the demon’s at my House, so you’d better come with me right now!How stupid are you, anyway?! For crying out loud!Proprietress	Would they just shut up? Tanjirou	That's not what I meant! Inosuke	What?![Action: Inosuke begins slapping Tanjirou on the back.]Inosuke	Hmph! Hmph! Hmph!Tanjirou	Uzui was patrolling outside the Houses during the night, right?Ow, ow, ow!Even still, Zenitsu disappeared, and the demon at your place is nowhere to be seen right now!Inosuke	Hmph! Hmph! Hmph!Tanjirou	Hey! Could you stop smacking me around?!I think there must be a passageway inside the building.[Action: Inosuke stops slapping Tanjirou.]Inosuke	Ah… A passageway?Tanjirou	That’s right. And since it’s not coming in and out, there’s a good chance that the demon is working on the inside.If the demon’s working in the House and cleverly disguising itself as a human, then it’d be all the more careful about killing people to make sure its cover won’t be blown.Inosuke	I get it… Cleaning up after a murder would be a hassle. And wiping away bloodstains would be a chore.Tanjirou	This is a nightlife district. It can be convenient for demons in more ways than one, but also just as inconvenient for them.They have to work at night. It would seem suspicious if they weren’t around.Inosuke	You’re right.Tanjirou	I think that not only Zenitsu, but Uzui’s wives, as well, are all still alive.I’m going to take action with that in mind. I’m going to rescue them, no matter what!I want you to take action with that in mind, too. And no matter what… I don’t want you to die.Are you okay with that?Inosuke	Heh… Everything you just said… is what I was about to say myself.[Scene: In the evening. At the Tokito House. The servants prepare tea for Koinatsu.]Servant 1	Oiran, we’ve brought you your tea.Koinatsu	Thank you. I can do the rest myself, so go on and have your dinner.Servant 1	All right.[Action: The servant girls get up to leave.]Servant 1	We’ll be going on ahead, then.Servant 2	Pardon us.[Action: The servants walk out the door but poke their heads in.]Servant 1,Servant 2Hehe…Koinatsu	Hmm?Servant 1	I love you, Koinatsu-oiran!Servant 2	I love you, too!Koinatsu	Fu… Yes. I love you right back! Now that we’re clear, go on, okay?Servant 1,Servant 2Right~!Servant 1	Didn’t Oiran look really happy?Servant 2	Didn’t she?Servant 1,Servant 2Hahaha! Hahaha![Action: The two servants run off.]Koinatsu	Oh, those girls…[Action: Koinatsu fixes her hair. Tanjirou calls out to Koinatsu from behind with his normal voice.]Tanjirou	Miss Koinatsu?Koinatsu	Ah…[Action: Koinatsu turns around to see Tanjirou in his normal clothing.]Koinatsu	Sumi…?Tanjirou	Forgive me for being so rude.I am leaving the Tokito House.Could you please give Master my payment for my food and lodging?[Action: Tanjirou slides an envelope across the floor to Koinatsu.]Koinatsu	Sumi, the way you’re dressed…Tanjirou	I had to dress as a woman for certain reasons, but I’m actually a guy. Koinatsu	Oh, I already knew that. It was obvious at a glance… and your voice… Tanjirou	Huh?Koinatsu	I knew you were a boy from the start. I did wonder what you were up to, but…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Who knew that I was busted?Koinatsu	You have your reasons, don’t you? You were worried about Suma for real, weren’t you?Tanjirou	Yes! That’s the truth. That was no lie!I promise you I’ll rescue everyone who vanished!Koinatsu	Thank you. That sets my mind at ease a bit.You see, I’m leaving this district tomorrow.Tanjirou	Is that right? You must be so happy.Koinatsu	There’s someone who would want even me as his wife. I really couldn’t be happier right now.But… that’s all the more reason why I was worried sick about those I’m leaving behind.Even if I were to get a bad feeling about something… I have no way of even looking into it.Tanjirou	No one can blame you for that. Please don’t worry about it. Please always keep a smile on your face.Koinatsu	I don’t want you to disappear, either, Sumi.[Action: Tanjirou smiles sadly and bows.]Tanjirou	Now then, I’ll be off.[Action: Tanjirou gets up.]Tanjirou	I wish you every happiness.Koinatsu	Thank you. You, too, Sumi. And I’m counting on you to save Suma.Tanjirou	Right![Action: Tanjirou leaves the room, and Koinatsu turns back to her mirror. After he leaves, Daki enters.]Koinatsu	Hmm? Did you forget something?Daki	That’s right. I need to devour you before I forget… since tonight’s your last night here.Right, Koinatsu?Koinatsu	Ah…![Action: Daki’s obi sashes wrap around Koinatsu.][Scene: At night. Tanjirou runs across the rooftops.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Not good. The sun’s almost set completely. I gotta get to Inosuke’s place fast!Ah…[Action: Tanjirou squats down.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s a scent. A sweet smell. It’s faint.(Thoughts) It’s a demon… It’s the scent of a demon. It’s nearby! No way![Scene: At the Ogimoto House. Inosuke waits for Tanjirou.]Inosuke	Late. It’s almost nightfall, and he’s not here yet! Souichirou, you moron! I’m going to take action! With the spirit of “Comin’ through” in my heart!Grr… Gahh!![Action: Inosuke launches himself into the ceiling, and his head breaks through.]Inosuke	Hey, mice! My swords![Action: Three muscular mice with the same headband as Uzui come marching out with Inosuke’s swords.]Inosuke	That guy has mad skills.Mice	Muscles… Muscles… Muscles!Inosuke	Setting me up with these Muscular Mice subordinates… I wanna boss around some ninja animals, too!Mice	Muscle… Muscle… Muscle muscle![Action: Inosuke receives his swords. He flings off the yukata and puts on his normal clothes.]Inosuke	Let’s go slay some demons!Comin…[Action: Inosuke bursts through the door and into the hallway.]Inosuke	… through![Scene: At the Kyougoku House. The owner looks at Omitsu’s bloodstained kimono. Uzui approaches him.]Uzui	What happened to Zenko and Hinatsuru?Owner	Ah…Uzui	Give me the short version.[Action: Uzui holds a kunai up to the owner’s throat.]Uzui	No questions from you, got that?Owner	Zenko disappeared. Hinatsuru fell ill and left for Kirimise…Uzui	Tell me everything that you think might be relevant. Who are you suspecting?[Action: Uzui removes his blade from the owner’s throat.]Uzui	You can trust me, so speak up.[Action: The owner breathes heavily.]Uzui	I’ll kill whoever it is if it’s the last thing I do.I’ll get revenge for you.Owner	Omitsu…An Oiran named Warabihime. She’s in a room on the north side that has no light.[Action: The owner turns around to find that Uzui is gone. Uzui goes to Daki’s room.]Uzui	(Thoughts) Not here… She must be on the prowl for humans.[Action: Uzui leaves and runs on the rooftops.]Uzui	(Thoughts) I’ll head to where Hinatsuru is as I try to pinpoint the demon’s presence. If she’s still alive, she should have some information for me.(Thoughts) Either way, the demon should be back here by daybreak. I’ll dispose of it with my own two hands.[Scene: At night, in the town. Tanjirou lowers himself from a rooftop.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The scent is strong. There’s no question![Action: Tanjirou opens a sliding door.]Tanjirou	Miss Koinatsu!Ah…![Action: Daki stands inside, holding Koinatsu in her obi sashes.]Daki	Are you a Demon Slayer?So you came.How many of you are there? I know one is that yellow-haired, ugly little brat. Is there a Hashira with you? Or will he be here soon?I know you’re not a Hashira. You seem weak, after all.I have no use for anyone who’s not a Hashira. Got that?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Her body… What’s going on?(Thoughts) I don’t see Miss Koinatsu’s body. She’s not bleeding. There’s no scent of blood!Daki	I never devour dirty old people or anyone ugly.Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) Upper… Six!Let that person go![Action: Tanjirou draws his sword.]Daki	Who do you think you’re talking to?!Tanjirou	Grr…![Action: Daki attacks Tanjirou with her obi sashes. Tanjirou is launched back into a building before he can even move.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) She’s so fast… I never saw that coming! (Thoughts) Upper Rank…(Thoughts) I have no strength in my limbs. My body’s numb!(Thoughts) Calm down![Action: Tanjirou adjusts his grip on his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) My body’s responding fine. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be alive right now![Action: Tanjirou gets up.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I have no strength in my limbs… because I’m afraid! (Thoughts) My body’s numb because I hit my back hard, so no wonder!(Thoughts) That demon’s weapon is her belt. It has supernatural abilities. She can absorb humans inside it!(Thoughts) That’s why no matter how hard we searched inside the building, I couldn’t find a secret path that a human could fit through!(Thoughts) All she needs to abduct humans is a crack big enough for that belt!Daki	Oh, you’re still alive?Oh? You’re not as fragile as I thought. I do like your eyes. They’re lovely.I’ll just gouge out your eyeballs and devour them.[Action: Daki licks her lips. The strap on Nezuko’s box snaps.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) The box… It’s not broken. But the next time she attacks me, it’s sure to be destroyed![Action: Tanjirou puts Nezuko’s box down.]Tanjirou	Sorry, Nezuko. The shoulder strap broke. I can’t carry you while I fight!Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	Don’t you leave that box. Unless your life is in danger.Nezuko	Mm…Daki	Fufufufu…Tanjirou	Water Breathing, Fourth Form![Action: Tanjirou launches himself foward. Daki does the same.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Striking Tide… Turbulent!Ngh! Ugh![Action: Tanjirou cuts through Daki’s obi sashes.]Daki	Fufu![Action: Daki’s obi sashes bind together and go toward Tanjirou. Tanjirou blocks it with his sword and is pushed into the air.]Tanjirou	Ugh… Gah! Urgh… Ugh![Action: Tanjirou cuts through Daki’s obi sashes again.]Daki	Ngh!Tanjirou	Grr…[Action: Daki hits Tanjirou’s sword, and Tanjirou is hit to the ground. He lands beside Daki’s sash where Koinatsu lies dormant.]Daki	Your midair moves weren’t half bad.Also… you certainly did a fine job separating her, right where I’d trapped Koinatsu. I mean, how cute is that? As ugly as you are!I’m starting to get rather fond of you. You’re like a rat on the brink of death.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Upper Six… Can I do it?(Thoughts) Without Uzui, Zenitsu, or Inosuke… Can I take on an Upper Rank alone? (Thoughts) No, it’s not a matter of if I can do it!(Thoughts) I have to do it!Daki	Fu…Tanjirou	Grr…!Demon Slayer S.2 E.12Title: Things Are Gonna Get Real Flashy!!Character List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Tengen Uzui, Makio, Hinatsuru, Daki / obi sash (Obi), Kiyo TerauchiJapanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed and organized by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles English transcribed by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: At night, in the entertainment district. Uzui is on the search for his wives. He stops in front of a house, where he finds Hinatsuru tied up by Daki’s obi sashes.]Uzui	Ah… Hinatsuru![Scene: In the house where Hinatsuru was captured. Uzui gives Hinatsuru a pill.]Hinatsuru	Forgive me, Lord Tengen…Uzui	Never mind. Stop talking.Hinatsuru	I realized Warabihime-oiran was a demon, but she became suspicious of me, as well. So I drank some poison and tried to slip out of the House, but it seems this belt that I was given by Warabihime-oiran was for spying on and killing me.Lord Tengen, do not trouble yourself with me. Please go now.You heard that sound just now, did you not? The demon is on a rampage.Uzui	You’re sure you’re going to be all right?Hinatsuru	Yes… I am sorry I couldn’t be of use to you.Uzui	There’s no need for you to do anything more.[Action: Uzui holds Hinatsuru a little closer.]Uzui	Once the antidote starts working, leave Yoshiwara. You hear me?Hinatsuru	Yes.[Action: Uzui leaves Hinatsuru. He runs across the rooftops to Tanjirou’s location.]Uzui	(Thoughts) The battle has already begun. (Thoughts) Where is it? Search for its presence![Action: Uzui senses a presence.]Uzui	Ngh…![Action: Uzui turns around and hops across some rooftops. He hops to the ground.]Uzui	It’s here. Underground.[Action: Uzui puts his ear to the ground.]Uzui	(Thoughts) I can hear the sound of someone battling.(Thoughts) I can hear it well thanks to the reverberations. (Thoughts) There’s something here![Action: Uzui releases his swords.]Uzui	Sound Breathing, first form. Roar![Scene: Elsewhere in the town. Daki hears the explosion from Uzui’s attack.]Daki	What an infernal racket, you piece of trash! What is that sound? What are you doing?Where? From the Ogimoto House? And also Hinatsuru…How many of you are here? Four?Tanjirou	I’m not telling you!Daki	If you tell me the truth, I’d be willing to spare your life.We clashed for maybe an instant, but look at your sword! It’s already nicked.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou looks at his sword. The edge is dulled and nicked all over.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Daki	Some hack of a swordsmith must’ve forged that blade, am I right?Tanjirou	You’re wrong! The person who forged this sword is amazing! He’s a brilliant swordsmith!Daki	Then how did it get nicked, moron?[Action: Another explosion rings throughout the area.]Daki	It’s starting to get noisy all over the place.It’s annoying me, so this time, I’m going to kill you.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The blade gets nicked when its wielder is subpar. It’s my fault!(Thoughts) I… When all is said and done, I… can’t handle… the Water Breathing technique!(Thoughts) My body’s not suited for Water Breathing!(Thoughts) I can’t become like Mr. Urokodaki or Tomioka with the Water Breathing technique!(Thoughts) I just can’t help striking harder with the Hinokami Kagura. It’s just compatible with my body!(Thoughts) But…[Action: Tanjirou remembers his training with Zenitsu and Inosuke.]Inosuke	(Flashback) Urahhh!Zenitsu	(Flashback) Ngh… Would it kill you to hold back a little, idiot?!Inosuke	(Flashback) Ngh… That would be no way to train!Tanjirou	(Flashback) Hinokami Kagura!Inosuke, Zenitsu(Flashback) Ah…Tanjirou	(Flashback) Flame Dance!(Flashback) Clear Blue… Urgh! Ahh…![Action: In his memory, Tanjirou drops his sword in pain and falls to his knees.]Zenitsu	(Flashback) Tanjirou!               (Flashback) Tanjirou! Are you okay? Inosuke	(Flashback) What? Are you hungry?! Zenitsu	(Flashback) Dummy!Inosuke	(Flashback) What?!Zenitsu	(Flashback) Boar!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Because of its sheer force… I couldn’t unleash multiple strikes.Zenitsu	(Flashback) Hang in there! I’ll go fetch Shinobu!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s different now! I should be able to do it! No… I’m doing it! (Thoughts) That’s what I’ve been training for!(Thoughts) Don’t go down in defeat! Ablaze![Action: Daki launches an attack at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ablaze… Ablaze… Set your heart ablaze! (Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura![Action: Tanjirou slices through Daki’s obi sashes.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Raging Sun!Daki	(Thoughts) His swordsmanship style just changed. It’s sharper than before.[Action: Tanjirou charges forward toward Daki as he sucks in a breath.]Daki	What the hell is this sound? Such an unpleasant sound! The sound of breathing?[Action: Tanjirou cuts forward. Daki dodges the attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Flame Dance!(Thoughts) Flame Dance is a two-hit strike! Even if she dodges it, there’s one more!Daki	(Thoughts) That was nothing to write home about. In the end, this is all it amounts to![Action: Daki launches another attack against Tanjirou. Her obi sashes slice through Tanjirou’s neck, but Tanjirou disappears.]Daki	Ah…(Thoughts) Where is he?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura… Fake Rainbow.[Action: The opening thread appears around Daki’s neck.]Daki	Ah…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) An opening… The opening thread! I can do this!Hinkami Kagura… Fire Wheel!Daki	So slow. You’re making me yawn.[Action: The opening thread snaps.]Tanjirou	Ah!Urk![Action: Daki kicks Tanjirou away.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Go on the defensive! Defensive!Urk! Ngh… Ugh…[Action: Tanjirou lands hard, but starts to breathe hard.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This is the fallout from using the Hinokami Kagura! (Thoughts) All that built-up fatigue is making my muscles tighten up!Daki	Oh, so you’re still alive.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Calm down. Get your breathing under control![Action: Daki launches another attack at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Recover! Hurry! Recovery Breathing![Action: Tanjirou takes a deep breath in. He grips his sword and flips into the air from blocking Daki’s attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou lands and continues blocking Daki’s attacks.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This belt is like a powerful blade! Even if I glimpse an opening thread, it vanishes just like that!(Thoughts) My attacks are too slow!(Thoughts) Raise your body temperature! Get your body temperature up![Action: Tanjirou remembers another time during his training when his temperature was higher than normal.]Kiyo	(Flashback) I’m going to inform Lady Shinobu, all right?Tanjirou	(Flashback) Kiyo, please! I’m begging you! Just keep it between us! I’m fine, okay?Kiyo	(Flashback) But…Tanjirou	(Flashback) I’m feeling fine, see? I’m fine! Never felt better!Kiyo	(Flashback) Just look at this thermometer. 38 degrees celsius!(Flashback) Just like yesterday and the day before that, remember? It’s been like that for days!Tanjirou	(Flashback) Uh… Ahh…Kiyo	(Flashback) If you have a fever that won’t go down, that means something’s wrong!(Flashback) I have no idea what I should do about it! Only Lady Shinobu would know…Tanjirou	(Flashback) Ngh… Ngh… The thing is… when I have a fever, I’m at the top of my game.(Flashback) I can unleash multiple Hinokami Kagura strikes. I might become even stronger!(Flashback) Can you wait just a little longer before telling Lady Shinobu? (Flashback) Just a little longer, just a little bit!Kiyo	(Flashback) Very well. But just a little longer, okay?Tanjirou	Ngh…![Action: Tanjirou breaks away from Daki’s attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can feel my temperature… my body heat rising! (Thoughts) I’m able to fight… an Upper Rank demon!Daki	(Thoughts) You’re a pesky one. More than I thought you’d be. This is entertaining.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can do it! Hinokami Kagura is effective! (Thoughts) No, it’s not enough for it to be effective!(Thoughts) I have to win! Using every ounce of my power… I’m gonna win, no matter what!(Thoughts) To protect them. To protect lives!(Thoughts) Never again… I won’t let them be robbed for no reason.(Thoughts) Never again… I won’t let anyone… suffer the same grief that we did![Action: Tanjirou takes in another deep breath and launches toward Daki.]Daki	Fufu… You ugly people are still ugly, even when you try so hard.Tanjirou	Urahhh!! [Scene: Somewhat earlier, at the Ogimoto House. Two prostitutes are walking through the halls.]Prostitute 1	Ahhh!Prostitute 2	What’s going on?[Action: A prostitute comes running from her room.]Prostitute 1	It’s a monster… A monster!Prostitute 3	Hey, go get ready for work!Prostitute 1	There’s a monster boar that’s demolishing the ceilings and the floors!Prostitute 3	What?Prostitute 2	How is that even possible?Prostitute 1	Then come with me![Action: Inosuke bursts through the floors with his swords.]Inosuke	Urah! Huh?Prostitutes	Ahhh!![Action: Inosuke jogs toward the prostitutes.]Inosuke	Hahahaha! I’m totally feeling the demon’s presence!Prostitutes	Ahhh!![Action: The prostitutes run away. Inosuke stops.]Inosuke	Is it here? Urahh![Action: Inosuke slices into the floor with his swords.]Inosuke	Found it! The hole leading to the demon’s lair! Get ready to die!Urahh![Action: Inosuke prepares to jump into the hole leading to the demon's lair but smacks his head on the small opening.]Prostitutes	Ahhh…!Inosuke	So I can only get my head inside, huh?Hahahaha… Nice try. That won’t work on Lord Inosuke!I am a man who can dislocate all his joints. In other words, as long as my head fits, there’s nowhere that I can’t go![Action: Inosuke dislocates his joints and slides through the small hole. He continues wriggling through the tunnel system that Daki’s obi sashes use.]Inosuke	Hahaha! Hahahaha! Comin’ through! No one can stop me! Haha… Woohoo!Freakin’ long! This is no game trail!A demon… There’s a demon here! Urahhh![Action: Inosuke slides along the trail until he pops into a large cavern with Daki’s obi sashes hanging all over it.]Inosuke	Ah…!(Thoughts) What the heck is this?[Action: Inosuke sees Makio and Suma within Daki’s sashes.]Inosuke	Ngh!(Thoughts) Huh? A cloth with a human pattern?(Thoughts) What is this? No, this feels like… those are living humans. (Thoughts) So it traps humans inside a woman’s belly band, huh?Huh?[Action: Inosuke stumbles on some human skeletons.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) Tsk… Then it takes them out whenever it wants and devours them? (Thoughts) Pretty savage if you ask me.Huh?[Action: Inosuke sees Zenitsu on Daki’s obi sash.]Inosuke	What’s he doing here?Obi	No, what are you doing?Inosuke	Ah!Obi	Barging in on someone else’s food locker… So dirty. How dirty you are!Dirty! Smelly! You damn stinkbug!Inosuke	What did you say, you worm?! So gross!Obi	Why, you damn stinkbug![Action: Daki’s obi sash charges toward Inosuke. Inosuke blocks the attacks and fends off more.]Inosuke	????????????????????????????Ngh! Urah! Wriggle, wriggle, wriggle, wriggle! You’re really grossing me out, worm belt![Action: Inosuke slices through Daki’s obi sash.]Inosuke	Hahaha! Look how sluggish you are! You got greedy and swallowed up too many humans!An attack by an overweight worm… will never land on Lord Inosuke! Grow a spine, and don’t come back until you’re ready![Action: Inosuke slices through Daki’s obi sash again. Two women fall out from the sash.]Obi	(Thoughts) Tsk… He managed to slice me without touching the humans! After I went through the trouble of storing all that fresh food!(Thoughts) His intuition is razor-sharp… his ability to detect murderous intent is especially extraordinary.(Thoughts) So sensitive, he can perceive attacks from any direction and dodge them.(Thoughts) I never expected a Demon Slayer to infiltrate the food locker. What should I do?[Action: Daki communicates telepathically with her obi sash.]Daki	Capture him alive.Obi	Ah…!Daki	He’s the one who got in my way when I captured Makio. He was beautiful.Except for the ten most beautiful, you can kill the humans you’ve stored. Though it might prove harder to capture them alive than to merely kill them.Devour some of the ones there and strengthen your body.Inosuke	Urahhh!Obi	Ah…![Action: Inosuke slashes at Daki’s obi sash but can’t cut it.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) I can’t cut it! Is it because it’s bending like that?[Action: Daki’s obi sash launches forward toward Inosuke. Inosuke drops his swords to dodge the attack and then kicks his swords up in the air.]Inosuke	Ngh![Action: Inosuke lands and catches his swords.]Inosuke	Beast Breathing, sixth fang… Palisade Bite!Obi	It won’t do any good to slash me. I’m not the main body.Inosuke	Wha…![Action: Inosuke stops his attack.]Obi	Never mind that. You’re leaving the humans you saved in the lurch. Is that what you want?Inosuke	Ah…!Obi	Whatever you do to me, I can get it back in a flash.[Action: Daki’s obi sashes move toward the women lying on the ground.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) Oh, crap! I have to fight it while protecting those humans!Dammit! I can’t keep up! You damn worm belt![Action: Inosuke runs toward the women on the ground. Before he can get to them, a bunch of kunai knives are thrown down and pin the obi sash to the ground.]Inosuke	Ah…!Makio	You came up with a great name! “Worm belt”!Suma	It really is gross! You’re absolutely right!I’m going to tell Lord Tengen on you![Action: Suma and Makio charge forward and defend against Daki’s obi sashes.]Makio	We’re going to give you a hand… so fight the good fight, Boar Head!Suma	Ahh~!Inosuke	Who the heck are you?!Suma	We’re Uzui’s wives! I’m not much of a fighter… Ahh! So please don’t get your hopes up![Action: Makio smacks Suma.]Suma	Wahh!Makio	Suma! Don’t be such a wimp!Suma	But, but… Makio, you know I’m a good-for-nothing!I mean, I got captured right away! It’s too much to ask of me! Protecting everyone who got caught!I’m the most liable one to die first!Obi	That’s right, how astute you are!Now then, which one of you should I eat first?Inosuke	(Thoughts) Damn that thing… It’s not the main body?!(Thoughts) If that’s true, I’m screwed! This battle’s never gonna end!Zenitsu	Thunder Breathing…Inosuke	Ah…Zenitsu	… first form. Thunderclap and Flash… Sixfold.[Action: Zenitsu launches his attack while asleep, cutting Daki’s obi sashes to pieces.]Inosuke	Maybe you should stay asleep the whole time.Mice	Muscle! Muscle!Makio	Is that kid a Demon Slayer, too? Why is he dressed like an idiot?!Suma	I have no idea!Inosuke	Hey! The next one’s coming! Move!Obi	(Thoughts) Who is that boy? Such blistering speed. (Thoughts) No, forget that. Did I just hear two sounds?(Thoughts) A sound like overlapping thunderbolts, creating two sounds.One was that boy. The other one… came from above?![Action: The ground above the cavern shakes.]Suma, Makio	Ah!Suma	Ah…Obi	(Thoughts) The wind? Did an air hole open up? What can you do from aboveground to create a hole all the way down here?!Inosuke	What the hell?Obi	(Thoughts) He’s here… Someone just came inside. (Thoughts) Ah! This presence… It’s a Hashira![Action: Uzui launches forward and cuts Daki’s obi sash into pieces.]Makio	Lord Tengen…Suma	Ahhh…!Uzui	Makio… Suma… Sorry I took so long.It’s a relief to see you looking good.Suma	Ahh…Makio	(Thoughts) He wasn’t like this before.(Thoughts) The thought of dying didn’t bother me. Because that was how I was trained. Because I was a shinobi.(Thoughts) Especially since a kunoichi could never hope to match a male shinobi in terms of strength, staking my life was something I only needed minimal effort to do.Uzui	(Flashback) I want you three to only think about your own lives.(Flashback) Above all else, your top priority is to come back to me. Life over accomplishing your mission!(Flashback) What I’m saying is at odds with this occupation, but it doesn’t matter. I’m allowing it!(Flashback) The order that lives should go in is flashy and clear-cut in my mind.Makio	(Flashback) Ah…Uzui	(Flashback) First, you three. Second, law-abiding citizens. And finally, me.Suma, Makio, Hinatsuru(Flashback) Ah…Uzui	(Flashback) As a Demon Slayer, it goes without saying that I’ll also protect the public leading their nonchalant, drab lives, but to be blunt in my flashy way, you three are more important to me. So don’t die on me.Makio	(Past Thoughts) Is it really okay to go around saying that? If you put your own life first, you can’t get much serious work done. Is that okay?Hinatsuru	(Flashback) I think it’s okay. If Lord Tengen says he’s fine with it.(Flashback) Not wanting to die or wanting to go on living… I’m sure it’s not wrong to feel that way, either.(Flashback) As long as you don’t despise yourself, it should be fine.Makio	(Flashback) You’re right.Suma	Ahh…[Action: Uzui walks up to Makio and Suma. He pats both of them on the head.]Uzui	I see that you’ve been doing some flashy work.You’re my wives, all right![Action: Suma begins crying.]Suma	Ahh… Wahhh~!Uzui	Heh… All right!Suma, Makio	Ahh…![Action: Uzui whips his swords around in a flashy manner.]Uzui	Starting now, things are going to get real flashy!Demon Slayer S.2 E.13Title: Layered MemoriesCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Daki, Tengen Uzui, Makio, Hinatsuru, Takeo Kamado, Hanako Kamado, man, womenJapanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed and organized by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles English transcribed by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details. [Scene: In an area of the red-light district. Tanjirou faces Daki.]Daki	You’re annoying me, so this time, I’m going to kill you.[Action: Daki launches an attack at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura… Raging Sun![Action: Tanjirou cuts through Daki’s obi sashes and attacks Daki.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Flame Dance![Action: Daki dodges Tanjirou’s attack.]Daki	(Thoughts) That was nothing to write home about. In the end, this is all it amounts to![Action: Daki launches an attack, cutting through Tanjirou’s neck. Tanjirou’s body disappears.]Daki	Ah…(Thoughts) Where is he?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura… Fake Rainbow.[Action: The opening thread appears.]Daki	Ah…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can do this!Hinokami Kagura… Fire Wheel![Action: The opening thread snaps.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Daki kicks Tanjirou away.]Tanjirou	Ugh! Urk… Gah…[Action: Daki launches another attack at Tanjirou as he lies on the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Recovery Breathing![Action: Tanjirou takes a deep breath, grabs his sword, and deflects Daki’s attack, sending himself into the air. Daki continues attacking, and Tanjirou continues to block.]Tanjirou	Ngh! Guh…(Thoughts) I’m able to fight… an Upper Rank demon![Scene: In an area of the red-light district. Tanjirou breathes heavily. Daki approaches him.]Daki	You ugly piece of trash![Action: Daki launches her obi sashes at Tanjirou, but he blocks the attacks. She launches herself at him, but he dodges again. Daki jumps up, and her obi sashes begin to enter her body.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: The obi sashes underground begin to migrate toward Daki’s location. As Tanjirou fights Daki, the obi sashes enter her body again.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s going on? The belts are entering her body…(Thoughts) No… Are they going back into her? The ones that were split off from her?[Action: The obi sashes enter Daki’s body.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Stand your ground. Get your breathing under control![Action: Tanjirou launches toward Daki.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Let’s go!Daki	I knew it…[Action: Tanjirou slashes at Daki, but she disappears and reappears on a rooftop, her hair now white with green ends.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) She’s gone…!Daki	A Hashira… So a Hashira did come, after all!That’s great! That will certainly please my master!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) She’s transformed…(Thoughts) What an ominous scent. It’s making the back of my throat sting with pain! She’s gained even more power.(Thoughts) But is Uzui with Inosuke and the others? If so, I can rest easy.[Action: A man comes out from his house and begins to walk toward Tanjirou and Daki.]Man	You guys need to shut the hell up! What’s the deal with that sword?!You have a lot of nerve, brawling in front of my House! What kind of harassment is this?!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh no! We made too much noise, and now people are…!Man	I’ll have you know that this red-light district is viable because we and our clients all follow the rules!People like you aren’t welcome here! Now get the hell out of my sight!Daki	You sure are noisy.[Action: Daki prepares to attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t do it!Don’t do it! Don’t come this way!Man	Ah…Tanjirou	Please step back![Action: Daki begins sending her obi sashes out.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Stay inside your buildings![Action: Tanjirou prepares to block, pushing the man back slightly.]Man	Ahh…[Action: Tanjirou partially blocks the attack but sustains a cut to his chest. The man’s hand is cut off.]Man	Gahh!![Action: The surrounding buildings are sliced and begin to fall.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: The buildings collapse, revealing many dead and mutilated civilians.]Woman 1	Eek!Woman 2	No! H-Hiro! No!Man	Ngh…!Tanjirou	Stay calm.Y-You’ll survive! Your arm… Tie it up with some string!Man	Ngh…Daki	Heh…[Action: Daki begins walking away.]Tanjirou	Come back here. I won’t let you get away with this… Not after what you did!Daki	What? You still have something to say?That’s enough, ugly one. The repulsive have no reason to live, anyway, so you can all just die and rot together.Tanjirou	Ngh…!Woman 2	Hiro! Hiro! No! Somebody help us!Man	All of you, stay inside!It’s too dangerous, so stay hidden![Action: Blood seeps into Tanjirou’s eyes.]Tanjirou	Grr…![Scene: In the past. Shinjurou writes a letter to Tanjirou.]Shinjurou	(Flashback) Dear Kamado… I know that I wronged you. (Flashback) Thank you for shedding tears over Kyoujurou.(Flashback) I hear that you’ve also been exchanging letters with Senjurou for the past four months. He seems to be in a much better place now.(Flashback) I’m ashamed that our first meeting went the way it did.(Flashback) At a time when my own incompetence had left me shattered, things went from bad to worse when my wife succumbed to illness.(Flashback) Since then, I’ve done nothing but drink myself into a stupor and wallow. There’s no bigger fool than me.(Flashback) Unlike me, Kyoujurou was a fine son.(Flashback) Even after I abandoned him as his instructor, he trained by reading the Guide to Flame Breathing and became a Hashira. Even though there were only three volumes.(Flashback) He must have had more of Ruka’s… of his mother’s blood. Both Kyoujurou and Senjurou are fine boys.(Flashback) And Kamado… you have an even more amazing power.(Flashback) I hear that those who are chosen to wield Sun Breathing… are born with the same red mark on their forehead that you have. And so I’m sure that you…[Scene: In the present. Tanjirou prepares to fight.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No, Shinjurou… I wasn’t born with this scar.(Thoughts) Originally, it was a burn mark from when I protected my brother from a falling brazier. Later, I injured myself there during the Final Selection, and that’s how it ended up the way it is now.(Thoughts) I hear that my father was born with a faint mark on his forehead, but that wasn’t the case with me.(Thoughts) I must not be a chosen wielder. Ngh…(Thoughts) But… even so… even if I’m not one of the chosen ones, even if I’m not up to the task…Grr…(Thoughts) … there are times when I just can’t back down! Because in this world, there are those who lack human hearts!(Thoughts) Killing for no reason without a second thought, without any hint of remorse![Action: Daki prepares to leave the area, but Tanjirou jumps to the roof and grabs an obi sash.]Daki	Ah…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I won’t allow… that kind of tyranny… no matter what![Action: Tanjirou slices at Daki, but she blocks the attack. She breaks away from Tanjirou with part of her leg missing.]Tanjirou	Those lost lives will never return. They can never come back!Daki	Ngh…[Action: Daki’s leg regenerates.]Tanjirou	Those made of flesh and blood can’t do what demons do.Why would you rob them? Why would you trample over their lives?Daki	(Thoughts) I’ve heard these words before.Ah![Action: Daki remembers the words of Yoriichi many years ago.]Yoriichi	(Flashback) What do you find so entertaining? What’s so amusing about this?Daki	(Thoughts) Who is that? I don’t know.Tanjirou	Why can’t you understand?Yoriichi	(Flashback) How can you forget?Daki	(Thoughts) This… isn’t me. These aren’t my memories. It’s the cells. (Thoughts) Lord Muzan’s… The memories of the cells… [Scene: In the underground chamber. Uzui’s wives watch over the women who were trapped in the obi sashes. The muscle mice bring Zenitsu’s sword.]Mice	Muscle! Muscle! Muscle!Inosuke	Hey, you!!Uzui	Hm?Inosuke	That worm belt just scattered through that hole and escaped!Uzui	You shut up!Inosuke	Ah!Uzui	I saved everyone who was trapped inside, so what’s the problem?!First, worship and praise me! We’ll discuss that other thing later!Inosuke	Ah… Ah…Makio	Lord Tengen! You have to go after it, or there’ll be more carnage!Suma	Ngh… Don’t worry about us! Please go![Action: Uzui tosses Inosuke and Zenitsu out of the hole.]Inosuke	Woah![Action: Uzui catches Inosuke and Zenitsu in the air.]Inosuke	Urk…Uzui	Come on, boys! We’re giving chase! Follow me![Action: Uzui runs on a roof, with Inosuke and Zenitsu following him. Zenitsu is still asleep.]Inosuke	Urahhh!!Uzui	Move it now!Out of my way! Lord Tengen is comin’ through! Hahahaha![Action: Uzui races ahead of Inosuke and Zenitsu.]Inosuke	Dammit! He’s too fast![Scene: At Tanjirou’s location. Tanjirou continues to stare down Daki.]Daki	What is it?Tanjirou	You were human once, weren’t you? You must’ve shed tears once, struggling against pain and suffering.[Action: Daki punches the roof tiles.]Daki	You really are annoying, rambling on like that!I don’t remember anything about the past. I’m a demon now, so who cares about that?Demons never grow old. They don’t need money to eat. They don’t get sick. They don’t die. They have nothing to lose.Not to mention… we beautiful, powerful demons can do anything we want!Tanjirou	Fine. Enough, then.[Action: Tanjirou launches himself at Daki.]Daki	Blood Demon Art… Eight-Layered Obi Slash![Action: Daki’s obi sashes form a net-like structure and fly toward Tanjirou.]Daki	(Thoughts) Now, you can’t stop this, can you? It’s because you’re an idiot! (Thoughts) This interweaving attack leaves you with nowhere to run.(Thoughts) The parts of my body that were split off to take control of this red-light district… Now that it’s whole again, my speed is in a class of its own.(Thoughts) You could barely hold your own against my non-Blood Demon Art attacks, so you have no chance now.(Thoughts) It’s all over for you, isn’t it? Farewell. I’m going to slash you, dull sword and all.(Thoughts) And now, I’ll be making my way to that Hashira![Action: Tanjirou slashes through Daki’s obi sashes.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura… Burning Bones, Summer Sun.Daki	(Thoughts) That hurts! What is this pain?It’s like a burning pain where I received that slash! I can’t regenerate like I’m supposed to.(Thoughts) But his wounds must be deep, too. Making such violent moves would normally rupture his body on the spot![Action: Daki launches another attack, but Tanjirou blocks it and cuts through the obi sash.]Daki	(Thoughts) In the first place, how can he slice my belt? Its durability has increased. (Thoughts) My fingertips are trembling… Is this me?[Action: Daki feels a heavy sensation.]Daki	(Thoughts) Lord Muzan?(Thoughts) Damn him… Now he’s faster than before.[Action: Daki launches herself away from Tanjirou.]Daki	(Thoughts) It doesn’t make sense… It doesn’t make sense! Don’t you feel any pain? Are you human?[Action: Daki launches another attack at Tanjirou, but he deflects it. He lands on the roof beside Daki, launches himself forward, and slices through her neck. However, Daki’s head is held on by her obi sash.]Daki	As if someone like you… could ever hope to decapitate me!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s soft. It’s too soft for me to cut through. It blunted my sword slash by bending and weaving.[Action: Daki attacks, pushing Tanjirou away.]Daki	I won’t let you get away… you ugly, vile brat!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There are more belts now… 13 of them.(Thoughts) If I dodge them, they might wreak even more havoc. (Thoughts) But for some reason… they’re awfully slow.[Action: Tanjirou continues deflecting Daki’s attacks.]Daki	I won’t let you cut me, not this time! Making contact with my neck just now was a fluke![Action: Tanjirou deflects the attacks in a way that puts all the obi sashes parallel to one another. He raises his sword.]Daki	Huh?(Thoughts) The belts he warded off with his sword ridge are now pinned in one spot…[Action: Tanjirou stabs his sword downward, pinning them against the roof.]Daki	You really think you’ve stopped me?! I’ll blow you away![Action: Daki pulls the obi sashes taught.]Daki	You think you can pull them tight so you can slash them? I can let them loose in the blink of an eye.There’s no way you can overcome this distance in an instant --[Action: Tanjirou launches himself forward, slashing along Daki’s obi sashes and coming face-to-face with Daki in an instant.]Daki	(Thoughts) Huh? He slashed them? So fast…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s simple. I just have to bring my sword down faster than they can start bending.(Thoughts) I can do it this time. I can slash her.[Action: Tanjirou’s sword meets Daki’s neck. In Tanjirou’s head, Hanako calls out to him.]Hanako	Big Bro![Action: Tanjirou’s hands begin to shake.]Hanako	Big Bro, breathe! Please![Action: Tanjirou struggles to catch his breath and falls to his knees while coughing.]Tanjirou	Ugh! Ahh… Ahh… Gah!Daki	So pathetic, you humans. Seriously.No matter how you struggle, that’s the best you can do. I feel sorry for you.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t stop coughing. It’s so hard to breathe…! (Thoughts) I must’ve gone way past my stamina threshold.(Thoughts) All I can see ahead of me is darkness. All I can hear is the sound of my own heartbeat.Daki	That’s right. Your wounds won’t be healing anytime soon, so no wonder you’ve ended up like this.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Wield your sword…!Daki	I’ll return the favor by slicing your head off![Action: Nezuko appears behind Daki and kicks through the top of her head. Her body goes flying away.]Nezuko	Grrr… Grrr…![Action: Tanjirou continues coughing.]Nezuko	Grrr…! Grrr…!Daki	You have a lot of nerve doing that to me! You… Right, it’s you! It’s you, isn’t it?!The one he was talking about was you, huh?!Kibutsuji	(Flashback) Daki… There’s a demon who slipped from my grasp, just like Tamayo. (Flashback) Find her and get rid of her. You’re the only one I can turn to.She’s a girl clad in a kimono with a hemp leaf pattern and a checkered belt.Nezuko	Grr… Grrr…!Daki	Yes… Of course I’ll be happy to torture her to death! As you wish![Action: Tanjirou coughs again and collapses.]Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Nezuko launches herself at Daki.]Daki	Is kicking the only thing you know?![Action: Nezuko prepares to kick Daki, but Daki cuts her leg off with an obi sash.]Daki	You damn bottom-feeder demon![Action: Daki uses an obi sash to cut through Nezuko’s left arm and into her body.]Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Daki swings her obi sashes around, and Nezuko goes flying into a building.]Daki	Urah![Action: Daki goes to find Nezuko.]Daki	Could you be any weaker? I can see that you’ve hardly devoured any humans. I wonder how you managed to escape his control.You poor thing! Your torso and lower body went their separate ways, didn’t they? You’d better not move.A half-developed demon like you can’t possibly regenerate right away, I’m sure.We’re both demons, after all. I won’t bully you anymore. I’ll absorb you into my belt, and when morning comes, I’ll kill you by exposing you to the sun.Demons killing each other… Such a waste of time.Nezuko	Grr…![Action: Nezuko gets back up, only her left arm still missing.]Daki	What?(Thoughts) Hold on a second. What’s this?(Thoughts) She regenerated her leg. Never mind her leg… How can she be standing? (Thoughts) I know I just severed her body. I know that I felt it. I slashed her for sure.Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Nezuko’s arm regenerates instantly.]Daki	(Thoughts) Her healing and regeneration speed… is… Upper Rank caliber.Nezuko	Ngh… Ugh![Action: Nezuko bites through her bamboo mouthguard. Her body grows, and vines begin to appear on her body.]Nezuko	Grr… Grrr…Daki	(Thoughts) What is this cruelty? This intimidating air?(Thoughts) She changed all of a sudden…Takeo	(Flashback) Big Bro… You and our sister sure take after each other. You’re gentle but scary when you get mad.(Flashback) Like our sister, when that rough-looking grown-up bumped into a kid and hurt him, she got in his face, asking him to apologize.(Flashback) I mean, luckily there were tons of grown-ups around, but… it was scary for me. Since people who get mad for others tend not to have any regard for their own safety.(Flashback) And because of that, they may lose something precious someday. That scares me.Nezuko	Grr![Action: Nezuko disappears momentarily and kicks forward at Daki.]Daki	(Thoughts) Another kick…Nezuko	Ngh…![Action: Daki slices through Nezuko’s leg and arm with her obi sashes.]Daki	(Thoughts) You’re a one-trick pony, aren’t you? (Thoughts) Your neck is next!Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko’s leg regenerates, and she kicks down on Daki’s back.]Daki	Ahh…!Demon Slayer S.2 E.14Title: TransformationCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Inosuke Hashibira, Tengen Uzui, Daki, Gyuutarou, women, manJapanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed and organized by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles English transcribed by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In a part of the red-light district. Daki has blasted Nezuko into a building. Nezuko struggles to get up from under the rubble.]Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh…![Action: Nezuko gets up from the rubble.]Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko regenerates her left arm. She bites through her bamboo mouth guard.]Nezuko	Ngh! Grr…[Action: Nezuko begins to grow larger, and vine patterns appear on her body.]Nezuko	Grr![Action: Nezuko launches toward Daki and prepares to kick.]Nezuko	Grr…[Action: Daki cuts off Nezuko’s arm and legs, but they regenerate instantly.]Nezuko	Grr!Daki	Ahh…! [Scene: In the red-light district. Nezuko stands over Daki with her foot planted in her back.]Daki	Urk… Ahh…!(Thoughts) Why is the leg I chopped off piercing my back?![Action: Nezuko removes her foot from Daki’s back.]Daki	(Thoughts) She regenerated it instantly? No way!(Thoughts) That would make her regenerative powers… greater than mine![Action: Nezuko stomps through Daki’s arm, severing it.]Daki	Gah![Action: Nezuko smiles cruelly.]Nezuko	Heh…[Scene: On a rooftop. Tanjirou remains unable to move.]Takeo	Big Bro![Scene: In Tanjirou’s subconscious. Takeo tries to get Tanjirou to wake up.]Takeo	Ngh… Big Bro! Help her!Or our sister… won’t ever be herself anymore![Scene: In reality. Tanjirou wakes up.]Tanjirou	Ah![Scene: At Nezuko’s location. Nezuko stomps on Daki’s other arm.]Nezuko	Ngh!Daki	Ahhh![Action: Nezuko continues beating Daki.]Nezuko	Ngh! Ngh! Ngh!Daki	Get off me, you little brat![Action: Daki attacks Nezuko, cutting off her arm and leg and beheading her. Nezuko’s blood splatters onto Daki’s face. Daki jumps back and regenerates her arms.]Daki	I’m going to chop you up into little pieces and stuff you into my belt![Action: Daki launches her obi sashes at Nezuko again and cuts her body into smaller pieces, but they are held together by her blood. Nezuko’s hand grabs one of the obi sashes.]Daki	Ah!Nezuko	Grr…Daki	(Thoughts) She stopped it? With her severed limbs?(Thoughts) No, they’re not severed. Her blood congealed…[Action: Nezuko’s blood on Daki’s face begins to glow and burns.]Daki	Ah… Ahhh!(Thoughts) It’s burning me! The blood splatter… just like that day… The fire… The fire![Action: Daki remembers two hands meeting.]Daki	Ah… Ahh… Ahhh!![Action: The flames around Daki become larger, and Nezuko’s body comes back together.]Nezuko	Grr… Urahhh![Action: Nezuko jumps into the air and kicks down on Daki’s head.]Daki	Gah![Action: Nezuko continues to beat Daki.]Nezuko	Ngh! Ngh! Ngh!Fufufu!Ngh! Ngh!! Urah!!Daki	Ahh…[Action: Daki smashes through several buildings and lands. Nezuko goes to find her.]Nezuko	Haa… Haa…[Action: Nezuko finds a prostitute whose wrist has been cut from Daki’s smashing through the building. Nezuko smells the blood.]Nezuko	Ah…!Prostitutes	Ngh… Ahh…!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh… Ngh… Ugh…!Prostitute	Ah…[Action: Nezuko launches herself at the prostitute.]Nezuko	Urahhh!!Prostitute	Ahhh!![Action: Tanjirou comes in from behind and puts it between Nezuko’s teeth to hold her back.]Tanjirou	Nezuko!Stop it! Stop it![Action: Nezuko falls backward.]Nezuko	Ngh… Urahh!!Tanjirou	Stop it! You have to tough it out, Nezuko![Action: Nezuko struggles to get away from Tanjirou.]Nezuko	Urahhh!! Ngh! Grr… Grrr!Tanjirou	I’m sorry! I’m sorry I made you fight!(Thoughts) I can smell Nezuko’s blood all over the place. I can tell just how badly she was wounded while I was passed out.It hurt, didn’t it? I know you suffered! I’m sorry! But it’s all right now! I won’t let anyone hurt you anymore!Go to sleep, Nezuko! Go to sleep and heal yourself!Nezuko… Gah… Nezu…Nezuko	Urah![Action: Nezuko jumps up with Tanjirou on her back, smashing through the ceiling and onto the upper floor.]Prostitutes	Ahh!What?Nezuko	Grrr!Prostitute	Someone burst through from below! Tanjirou	Ngh… Nezuko… Urk… Go to sleep…! Nezuko	Urahhh!![Action: Daki’s obi sashes come flying into the room.]Prostitutes	Ahh…![Action: Daki blasts the wall open.]Daki	Really, such nerve doing that to me.So you can use Blood Demon Art, too? A bizarre Blood Demon Art that only burns demons?Not only that, but it’s taking forever for me to heal. This irritates me like you wouldn't believe… like you wouldn’t believe.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This is bad! There are people here! I have to protect them… (Thoughts) Think. Think and take action.(Thoughts) The attack will come any second now. The whole building will get slashed!(Thoughts) Do I dare let go of Nezuko? No… What should I do? The bystanders will get hurt again![Action: Daki launches her attack at Tanjirou. Before it can reach him, Uzui appears and slashes the obi sashes.]Prostitutes	Ngh…!Tanjirou	Ah!Nezuko	Grr… Grr! Ngh…Uzui	Hey.Isn’t this Nezuko Kamado? I see she’s becoming a flashy demon.Nezuko	Urahhh!!Tanjirou	Ngh… Uzui…[Action: Uzui’s expression turns dark.]Tanjirou	Erk…!Uzui	After all that grandstanding in front of the Master, what’s this sorry state?!No one ever told her to become a flashy demon!Tanjirou	Erk…!Daki	You’re a Hashira, right? You came to see me?You just made it easy for me.Uzui	Shut up. I’m not talking to you. Get lost.You’re no Upper Rank demon. Since you’re too weak.You’re not the one I’ve been searching for.Daki	What kind of ridiculous drivel… Ah![Action: Daki’s neck begins to seep blood. Her body collapses, and her head falls into her lap.]Daki	Huh?[Scene: On a rooftop in the red-light district. Inosuke stands on a roof with a sleeping Zenitsu.]Inosuke	Dammit!! We lost sight of the God of Festivals!At this rate, we’ll be overtaken! Overtaken in a flashy way![Action: Zenitsu listens for any sounds. An explosion occurs some distance away. As Inosuke looks around, Zenitsu begins moving.]Inosuke	Hm? Hm? Hm? Oh, you spotted him?Wahahaha! Mountain God, Lord Inosuke, is comin’ through![Scene: In the red-light district. Daki sits with her head in her lap.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) B-Beheaded… Beheaded!(Thoughts) Her head fell off. Was it Uzui who did that? Unbelievable…Uzui	Hey.The battle’s not over yet. Get your sister under control.Nezuko	Urahhh!!Tanjirou	Nezuko!Nezuko	Grr…Prostitutes	Ahh![Action: The prostitutes run out of the room.]Nezuko	Ngh… Urahh!!Uzui	Stupid brats who start acting cranky don’t belong on the battlefield.Just be unflashy and sing her a lullaby or something.Nezuko	Urahh![Action: Nezuko plants her foot into the floor and launches her and Tanjirou backward, outside of the house. Tanjirou lands on his back with Nezuko on top of him. Nezuko continues to struggle.]Tanjirou	Urk…Nezuko	Urahhh!!Tanjirou	Ngh… Nezu…Nezuko	Urahhh!! Grr…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s no use! My voice isn’t reaching her. She’s not listening to me at all…              (Thoughts) What am I gonna do… Mother? Uzui	(Flashback) Sing her a lullaby or something. Tanjirou	Ah!Nezuko	Urahh…Tanjirou	? Hushabye… baby bunny on the hill… Tell me why your ears are so very long…? Because when my mother was expecting me, she…[Action: Nezuko headbutts Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Nezuko	Grr… Ngh![Action: Nezuko headbutts Tanjirou again. Nezuko reaches toward the sky, and Tanjirou grabs her hand.]Tanjirou	Guh…? … dined on long leaves from a tree… and that is why my ears are so very long…!Nezuko	Ngh…[Scene: In Nezuko’s subconscious. Kie has Nezuko’s head in her lap.]Kie	Nezuko… Nezuko…? Hushabye… baby bunny on the hill…[Scene: In Nezuko’s memory. A young Nezuko walks up a hill with Kie.]Kie	(Flashback) ? … tell me why your eyes are so very red.(Flashback) ? Because when my mother was expecting me, she dined on red berries from a tree.(Flashback) ? And that is why my eyes are so very red.Nezuko	(Flashback) So my brother’s eyes are red because when he was inside your tummy, you ate red berries?Kie	(Flashback) Fufu![Scene: In the present. Nezuko stops struggling and cries loudly.]Nezuko	Wahhh!!Tanjirou	Nezuko…[Action: Nezuko’s body begins to shrink until she’s about the size of a small child. She falls asleep.]Tanjirou	She’s asleep… Mother, she’s asleep… She fell asleep… Uzui…[Scene: In the prostitution house. Uzui prepares to leave.]Daki	Hey, come back here! Where do you think you’re going?!I can’t believe you had the gall to behead me! You’re going to pay for this, you hear me?!Uzui	Haa… Are you still whining and moaning?I have no use for you anymore. Just die an unflashy death.Daki	Don’t give me that!In the first place, you said I wasn’t an Upper Rank, didn’t you?Uzui	Because you can’t be an Upper Rank.Daki	I’m Upper Six, I’ll have you know!Uzui	Then why is your head in your hands? That’s beyond weak! Did your brain matter explode or what?Daki	I haven’t lost yet, all right?! Because I’m an Upper Rank!Uzui	But you’ve lost. It’s totally obvious.Daki	I’m really powerful, you know! Right now, I’m still Number 6, but I’m going to get even stronger --Uzui	Not buying it!Daki	Ngh… Wahhh!![Action: Daki begins to cry loudly.]Uzui	Woah!Daki	I really am Upper Six! I’m telling the truth! I have the number to prove it, too! I’m amazing, you hear me?!Uzui	(Thoughts) She’s throwing a tantrum? You’ve gotta be kidding me.(Thoughts) No, wait. Is she ever going to stop talking?[Action: Daki begins punching at the air.]Uzui	(Thoughts) Her body isn’t disintegrating even after being beheaded.[Action: Daki begins to punch the ground.]Daki	Die! Die! All of you can just die! Wahhh!![Action: Daki’s head rolls away from her body. Uzui draws his sword.]Daki	He cut my head off! He cut my head off!Brother![Action: Gyuutarou begins to emerge from Daki’s body. Uzui prepares to fight.]Gyuutarou	Ugh…[Action: Uzui prepares to behead Gyuutarou, but Gyuutarou dodges.]Uzui	Ngh…[Action: Daki continues crying. Uzui turns to see that she and Gyuutarou have moved to the other side of the room. Gyuutarou is reattaching Daki’s head.]Gyuutarou	Come on, there’s no use crying. Can’t you even reattach your own head by yourself? You sure aren’t the sharpest tool in the shed, are you?Uzui	(Thoughts) She didn’t die even after I beheaded her.(Thoughts) Who’s that other one that emerged from her back? His reflexes are beyond belief!Gyuutarou	Is that a burn on your face? Look, you need to take care of your face…[Action: Gyuutarou heals the burns on Daki’s face.]Gyuutarou	… since you were born with such a pretty face.[Action: Uzui launches himself at Gyuutarou but ends up getting sliced in the forehead by Gyuutarou’s scythes.]Gyuutarou	Huh, not bad. You stopped my attack, didn’t you?Even though I was going for the kill. Good for you, man. Good for you.Lucky you, man. That face of yours is nice. I like your skin, too. Not a blemish, birthmark, or scar to be seen, huh? And you have some meat on your bones, too. I can’t gain weight, no matter what.You’re a tall guy, too. I can see you’re well over six feet tall. You must get tons of attention from the ladies, don’t you?I envy you. How I envy you! Would you mind just dropping dead?!In the most agonizing way, at that. Like getting skinned alive or maybe getting your belly slit open. And one more thing…Daki	Brother! It’s not just him. There are more. Kill the one who burned me, too. Promise me!I’ve been toiling away, and yet I’ve really been giving it my all! All by myself!And yet, everyone got in my way and bullied me! They all ganged up on me and bullied me!Gyuutarou	I see, I see. That’s unforgivable for sure.My sweet little sister was doing her best with what little brains she had… so I’ll massacre everyone who had the nerve to bully her.Time to exact it. That’s my way. I’ll exact the same damage you inflicted on me for sure. You’re going to spin round and round when you die… because my name is Gyuutarou![Action: Gyuutarou throws his scythes at Uzui. The roof of the prostitution house explodes upward.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) What are those? Sickles?(Thoughts) The sickles are spinning and heading back. They’re not the same weapons as the Belt Demon’s.(Thoughts) What’s going on? Is it a new demon?(Thoughts) I can smell Uzui’s blood… I have to back him up![Action: Inosuke and Zenitsu arrive at the scene.]Inosuke	Wahaha! I’m here now, dammit!Tanjirou	Ah…!Inosuke	Inosuke has arrived, dumbass! Depend on me, yours truly!Tanjirou	Inosuke! Zenitsu!Zenitsu, are you asleep?Inosuke	Urahhh!!Tanjirou	Both of you, go back up Uzui! Please!Inosuke	Just relax and leave it to me, dammit! I’m ready to go berserk!Yours truly, Lord Inosuke, in a real flashy way, too!Tanjirou	Sorry! I’m going to go put Nezuko back in her box! So just give me a second, okay?[Action: Tanjirou runs off with Nezuko.]Inosuke	Granted!Tanjirou	Thanks![Action: The building begins to crumble. Uzui stands with his swords pointed toward Daki and Gyuutarou.]Gyuutarou	How envious I am… You really are a good-looking guy, aren’t you?Protecting those humans… Showing off like that… I envy you.In their eyes, you’re their savor, aren’t you? I bet their affection and gratitude toward you know no bounds, huh?!Uzui	Well, yeah. I’m a flashy, glamorous ladies’ man, so that’s a no-brainer. And I even have three wives, no less.Gyuutarou	Did you just say you have three wives? Are you kidding me… Are you?! That’s unforgivable!![Action: Gyuutarou covers his sickles with his blood.]Gyuutarou	Blood Demon Art… Flying Blood Sickles![Action: Splatters of blood go flying at Uzui.]Uzui	(Thoughts) Slashes of blood like thin blades! And this many of them! I can’t handle them all while protecting these people![Action: Uzui releases some small explosives, sending Daki and Gyuutarou flying back.]Gyuutarou	What was that? An explosion? He dropped down to the first floor, huh?Uzui	Run! Find a place to hide!Man	R-Right![Action: The man and prostitute run away.]Gyuutarou	You’re not getting away!Bend, Flying Blood Sickles.[Action: Gyuutarou sends more attacks at Uzui. He continues blocking them.]Uzui	(Thoughts) So he can control the slashes themselves? Blood slashes that keep moving until they hit their target and explode!(Thoughts) Those siblings… The sister didn’t die even after she was decapitated. That’s just unreal.(Thoughts) Can I destroy them both if I behead the brother instead? Is the brother the main unit?(Thoughts) Either way, I just have to do it!(Thoughts) From what I can hear, most of the people upstairs have fled![Action: Uzui throws some explosives into the air and slices them with his sword. A large explosion occurs.]Inosuke	Woah! Look out!Uzui	Well, I can tell it’s not going to be a walk in the park.[Action: Daki’s obi sashes unravel from around herself and Gyuutarou.]Gyuutarou	The thing about us… is that we’re two people in one!Demon Slayer S.2 E.15Title: GatheringCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Inosuke Hashibira, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Nezuko Kamado, Tengen Uzui, Daki, Gyuutarou, Makio, Suma, Hinatsuru, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Kei Kamado, man, womenJapanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed and organized by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles English transcribed by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: At night, in the Entertainment District. Tanjirou carries Nezuko on his back as he runs through the streets.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Thank goodness Nezuko’s asleep.Nezuko	(Flashback) Urahhh!Tanjirou	(Flashback) Nezuko! Stop it!Kie	(Flashback) ? Hushabye, baby bunny on the hill… Tell me why your eyes are so very red.Nezuko	(Flashback) Wahhh![Action: Tanjirou jumps onto a rooftop and places Nezuko in her box.]Tanjirou	You sleep tight now.(Thoughts) I can still fight. I can still move. This time… I’m going to fight to the end… to the very end![Scene: At night, in the Entertainment District. Uzui faces off against Daki and Gyuutarou.]Gyuutarou	Tsk… This really pisses me off. You’re good-looking, you have three wives, and on top of that, you’re full of swagger.You’re different, aren’t you? You’re not like any of the other Hashira I’ve killed. You must’ve been special since the day you were born. A chosen talent, right?That makes me so jealous. I need you to die as soon as possible!Uzui	Talent? Ha.Gyuutarou	Huh?Uzui	Do I look like someone with any talent?If someone like me gives that impression, you really are living a blessed life.Gyuutarou	Huh?Uzui	You may be centuries old, but if you’ve stayed shut up in a place like this, I guess you can’t help but be ignorant of the real world.Daki	What do you know about it?!Uzui	I know, all right.But you have no clue, do you? See, this country is vast. It’s teeming with people who’d blow your mind.Some are complete enigmas. Some can take up a sword and become a Hashira in two months.Me, chosen? Don’t give me that crap! Just how many lives do you think I’ve let slip through my fingers until now?(Thoughts) That’s right… I can’t be like Rengoku!Gyuutarou	Grr… Then how do you explain it?My Blood Sickles are drenched with deadly poison, yet you simply refuse to die!Uzui	I come from a line of shinobi. I’ve become resistant, so poison doesn’t work on me.Daki	The shinobi were wiped out during the Edo Period. Don’t give us that crap!Uzui	That’s no lie.(Thoughts) The shinobi exist. I had nine brothers and sisters. Seven of them died by the time I turned 15.(Thoughts) Panicked by our clan’s decline, my father, just like a man possessed, forced us to submit to brutal training.(Thoughts) The only survivors were myself and my brother, who was two years younger.(Thoughts) My brother was exactly like my father. The same mindset, the same mannerisms. His subordinates were pawns. His wives were expendable if they produced heirs. No one else ever had any say. Resolutely indifferent.(Thoughts) And I… didn’t want to become like him![Scene: In the past. Uzui speaks with Ubuyashiki at the Demon Slayer Corps headquarters.]Ubuyashiki	(Flashback) It’s hard, isn’t it, Tengen? The path you have chosen.(Flashback) Rejecting the values that shape you, that were instilled in you during your childhood, even as you place yourself on the battlefield… That’s surely agonizing.(Flashback) Carrying all that conflict and quandaries inside yourself, you still… all of you still persist in moving forward and battling on. Isn’t that right? So that you can protect other people’s lives.(Flashback) Thank you. You’re a remarkable child.Uzui	(Flashback) Ah…(Thoughts) I’m the one who should be grateful.[Scene: In the present. Uzui regains his spirit.]Uzui	(Thoughts) Master, for your sake, I’d never think twice about laying down my life. I can surely accomplish anything.(Thoughts) Those who have baggage like conflict or quandaries are spineless fools. That’s always been the story of my life.Gyuutarou	Hm? Hm? Hmm?Hehe… Hehehehe…Uzui	What the hell are you laughing about?Gyuutarou	The poison’s slowly affecting you, after all. Slowly but surely.Claiming it didn’t work on you was just bravado! Pretty humiliating, huh? Hehehehe…[Action: Uzui slams his sword into the ground and stomps his foot.]Uzui	Oh, no! It has absolutely no effect on me! Wanna see me dance?I’m so on fire that I could eat 100 bowls of tempura udon! In a flashy way, that is![Action: Uzui launches forward. Gyuutarou jumps back to dodge his attack. Uzui kicks Daki’s stomach and sends her into the air.]Daki	Ah…!Gyuutarou	Grr… Don’t you dare kick my little sister!Daki	You scumbag![Action: Daki and Gyuutarou move to attack Uzui. Uzui throws a few explosive rounds into the air.]Gyuutarou	Ah…![Action: Gyuutarou dodges the explosive rounds, but Daki’s obi sashes hit them, causing them to explode.]Daki	Ah… Ahh!Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Well, those are unique explosions. They can inflict damage to a demon’s body and explode with the slightest friction from a strike.(Thoughts) She got hit because she slashed one without realizing that. She’s always taking a hit, that one![Action: Uzui moves to attack Gyuutarou.]Gyuutarou	Ah! Guh…[Action: Uzui’s blade extends toward Gyuutarou’s neck.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) The blade is extending…![Action: Gyuutarou sees that Uzui is holding onto the tip of his sword.]Gyuutarou	What…?(Thoughts) He’s holding onto the tip of his sword. What kind of insane grip does he have?!Uzui	(Thoughts) Go![Action: Gyuutarou knocks Uzui’s sword away.]Gyuutarou	Guh…![Action: Gyuutarou’s neck and scarf are cut.]Gyuutarou	Ngh…Uzui	Tsk… Damn, I botched the chance to finish off this one![Action: Daki holds onto her head nearby.]Daki	Urahhh! He beheaded me again!Damn you! Damn you… I’ll make you pay for this!It’s not fair… It’s not fair. Why am I the one who’s always getting beheaded? Ahhh!!Gyuutarou	You… You’re onto us, aren’t you?Uzui	About what?Gyuutarou	Not that finding out about us will do you any good! You’re going to die a slow and steady death, anyway.Even as we speak, we’re creeping toward victory, aren’t we?[Action: Inosuke and Zenitsu, who is still asleep, arrive on scene.]Inosuke	I don’t know about that!Better not forget me! Not only yours truly, Lord Inosuke, but his minion is here, as well!Zenitsu	Mm…Gyuutarou	Who the hell are these guys?Daki	Huh…?[Action: Tanjirou also arrives on scene.]Gyuutarou	Ah… Huh?Daki	Ah…!Tanjirou	Ngh…![Scene: Elsewhere in the Entertainment District. Residents are fleeing.]Man	Ngh…Prostitutes	Ahh…Makio	If you’re wounded, come this way! Suma	Everyone else, please flee from here! [Action: Hinatsuru begins to make her escape.][Scene: At Tanjirou’s location. Gyuutarou and Daki prepare to fight against Tanjirou, Inosuke, Zenitsu, and Uzui.]Gyuutarou	Tsk…Daki	Heh…Inosuke	Hahahaha!Uzui	Hey, you guys… Talk about flashy entrances! That’s what I like to see![Scene: In the Entertainment District. Tanjirou, Inosuke, Zenitsu, and Uzui prepare to fight.]Gyuutarou	Ha! You can summon all the underlings you want, but there’ll still be no blissful future waiting for you!You’re all going to die, anyway, so stop staring with those sparkling eyes!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There are two demons now. How did that happen?(Thoughts) Also, the Belt Demon isn’t dead. Are they both Upper Six? Splintered off from each other?(Thoughts) If that’s the case… the main unit has to be this man!(Thoughts) His scent is different. The weight of his scent… It feels like the back of my throat’s gone numb![Action: Tanjirou begins to tremble.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) My hands are shaking. I wonder if it’s from fatigue. Or… is it fear? (Thoughts) No! Even so, I… we…!Uzui	We’re going to win! Us, the Demon Slayers!Daki	There’s no way you can win! Not when the Hashira who’s your only hope is ravaged by poison.Tanjirou	Ah… Poison?Uzui	Oh, we’re going to win easy, you dumbass bottom-feeders! I’m at the top of my game when I’m shackled by poison in my system!Daki	Oh, spare us your bravado!Uzui	Shut up! Don’t you dare underestimate humans!All three of these boys are my brilliant Tsuguko! They have relentless grit!Inosuke	Haha! Yeah, we do!Uzui	Even if their limbs fall off, they won’t let go! And I’ve already identified how to bring you down!Beheading you at the same time! Both of you at the same time! Am I right?Tanjirou	Ahh…Uzui	Otherwise, there’d be no reason to disperse your respective skills, rather than assimilating your weak sister into yourself!Haha~! Easy-peasy, you two!Inosuke	Hahahaha! I see! It’s that simple! We’ve as good as won, huh?Gyuutarou	All those Demon Slayers perished because they couldn’t do that simple thing.Not even the Hashira! Fifteen for me and seven for my sister.Daki	You heard him! Not a single one lived to see daybreak![Action: Zenitsu takes a deep breath and prepares for battle.]Daki	Long nights are always on our side, after all.Every last one of you, just die![Action: Daki launches an attack at Uzui. Zenitsu takes a deep breath and launches his own attack.]Inosuke	Oh?Daki	Gah! Guh…[Action: Zenitsu attacks Daki, and the two blast out of the building and into the air.]Tanjirou	Zenitsu!Inosuke	Leave that worm woman to me and Sleepyhead! You two go defeat that praying mantis!Got that?!Tanjirou	Watch your back!Inosuke	Sure thing![Action: Inosuke leaves to join Zenitsu.]Gyuutarou	I won’t let you kill my sister.[Scene: On the rooftop of a building. Zenitsu and Daki land.]Daki	You! You’re the one from…Zenitsu	I have something to say to you.Apologize to the girl you hurt by pulling her ear.Daki	Huh?Zenitsu	Even if it was your earnings that provided them with their basic needs… that still doesn’t make those girls your belongings. You have no right to do whatever you want to them.Daki	Don’t bore me with your stupid lecture.In what world does someone as ugly as you get to speak to me as an equal?In this city, women are merchandise. The same as objects. Getting sold, bought, and destroyed… The owner is free to do with them as she chooses.Ugly people have no right to eat any meals. The inept shouldn’t be treated as humans.Zenitsu	You shouldn’t do the same horrible things to others that were done to you.Daki, GyuutarouYou’re wrong about that.The horrible things done to us, the things that made us suffer… We do them back to others and collect on those debts.We can never make up for our own misfortune unless we collect it from the blessed. Because that’s the way we live our lives![Action: A third eye opens on Daki’s forehead.]Daki,	We’ve killed off everyone who’s ever leveled false accusations at us, right?GyuutarouWe’re going to slash your windpipes just like we did to the others!Tanjirou		(Thoughts) Unbelievable bloodlust! It’s giving me chills from my elbows to my neck! (Thoughts) No wonder. You’re up against the Upper Six demon! Get ahold of yourself! (Thoughts) Uzui has been poisoned. I have to protect him!(Thoughts) Strike with your sword the instant he moves! The second he moves an inch! In that instant![Action: Gyuutarou has his blood sickles at Tanjirou’s throat in an instant.]Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) Swing it! Swing your sword! Evade it! Evade it! Bend backward! Bend…!Gah…![Action: Uzui picks Tanjirou up and flings him over his shoulder. Uzui and Gyuutarou are locked in battle. Tanjirou lands.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What are you doing? He protected you instead, and now you’re a hindrance![Action: Daki’s attack comes through the roof, cutting Tanjirou off from Uzui and Gyuutarou. Tanjirou blocks the attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) Tons of Belts from up above!Daki	Hahahaha! Hahahaha![Action: Inosuke joins Zenitsu on the rooftop.]Inosuke	Urgh!Woah! Three eyes?!Daki	I can see everything! All of your movements!Now that my brother’s awake, what you’re seeing now is my true power!Inosuke	Shut up! Stop screeching in that damn shrill voice!Gyuutarou	Fufufufu… Them being your Tsuguko was a lie, right? Your movements are so out of sync! What a total bust![Action: Inosuke and Zenitsu block Daki’s attacks.]Inosuke	Gah! Ngh!Daki	Haha! Hahahaha! You can’t even get close to me!Inosuke	Shut up, worm woman!If you want to prove anything, why don’t you shut your trap and see if you can kill us?!Daki	Heh… All right, as you wish![Action: Daki launches another attack. Her obi sashes smash through the roof toward Uzui and Gyuutarou.]Gyuutarou	Haha…Uzui	Ngh![Action: Uzui releases more explosives. Gyuutarou backs off, and Daki’s obi sashes are flung away.]Gyuutarou	You can just die![Action: Gyuutarou continues his attacks.]Uzui	(Thoughts) So quick! He really is like a praying mantis! What’s up with these slashes?[Action: Uzui is slashed twice.]Uzui	Ngh…[Action: Gyuutarou throws his blood sickles. They begin making their way back toward Uzui.]Uzui	(Thoughts) There’s no way out of this![Action: Tanjirou blocks Gyuutarou’s blood sickles.]Tanjirou	Urah…!(Thoughts) Grr… Heavy! These slashes are so heavy! Ngh…!(Thoughts) Sidestep it! Ward off the blow! If you take the blow head-on, it’ll snap your blade in two!(Thoughts) If it’s power versus power, the weaker side always loses! (Thoughts) Don’t misjudge the flow of power and ward it off as you should! (Thoughts) The flexible Water Breathing technique is better for defence!(Thoughts) If it’s only to ward off the blow… my blade never would’ve gotten nicked![Action: Tanjirou takes a deep breath and wards off Gyuutarou’s blood sickles.]Uzui	Ngh…(Thoughts) Sound Breathing, Fifth Form.String Performance![Action: Uzui launches an attack. Gyuutarou steps back.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) You can assault me with your noisy moves, but it’ll do you no good![Action: Gyuutarou launches forward again. Daki launches her own attacks.]Daki	Hahahaha! Die! Die! You ugly toads!Inosuke	Gahhh! It’s not just the Belts! Now we have blood blades flying toward us!What’s going on? I can’t get near that worm woman! Dammit!These blood blades are big trouble! I can feel it all over my body that just a scratch would be deadly![Action: Daki’s obi sashes fly toward Uzui and Gyuutarou. Tanjirou stabs through them before they can reach Uzui.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Gyuutarou	Tsk…!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Be useful! Don’t let him attack as much! Find a way to win!Uzui	(Thoughts) He’s not going to hold up much longer! It’s a miracle he can still move at all.(Thoughts) That shoulder wound must be really deep. He seems to have stopped the bleeding, but it’s touch and go!(Thoughts) That left hand tied to his hilt is the only thing keeping his sword in his grip! (Thoughts) All because I got poisoned…!(Thoughts) I have to take care of this, or we’ll be wiped out![Action: Tanjirou blocks Daki’s attack and is sent flying. He continues to block the attacks.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) I can’t breathe. This furious attack is leaving me gasping!(Thoughts) I’m about to black out! I have to find a way… to start Recovery Breathing!Gyuutarou	Haah~!Uzui	Ngh…![Action: Hinatsuru arrives on scene.]Hinatsuru	Ngh… Ugh…Grr![Action: Hinatsuru brings out a large kunai-firing weapon and shoots it toward Uzui and Gyuutarou.]Gyuutarou	Ngh…(Thoughts) What are those? Kunai?(Thoughts) It’s going to be a pain, dealing with this many of them in front of a Hashira.(Thoughts) It’s so annoying that they’re so small. There are still three fledgling Demon Slayers, too…(Thoughts) Well, even if they hit me, those things are no…(Thoughts) No. Would they really try to pull off such a meaningless attack? (Thoughts) Blood Demon Art, Rampant Arc Rampage![Action: Gyuutarou deflects Hinatsuru’s attack.]Hinatsuru	(Thoughts) He’s creating a dome with the slashes![Action: Uzui launches toward Gyuutarou.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Hey, hey, hey! What’s going on here? He’s coming at me! (Thoughts) There’s one stuck in you. A kunai, piercing you, too!(Thoughts) That’s right, he’s a shinobi. Not a swordsman. This guy’s always had otherworldly senses.[Action: Gyuutarou slashes at Uzui. Uzui dodges the attack and slices Gyuutarou’s legs off. A kunai pierces Gyuutarou’s neck.]Gyuutarou	What the…!Uzui	Heh…Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) My legs won’t regenerate. I knew it! They’re laced with something!(Thoughts) This kunai! Probably with something extracted from wisteria! M-My body’s going numb![Action: Tanjirou launches forward and aims for Gyuutarou’s neck.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Hey, not too shabby! Starting to get in sync in such a short time! Pretty amusing!Hinatsuru	(Thoughts) Please!Tanjirou	Urahhh!!Demon Slayer S.2 E.16Title: Defeating an Upper Rank DemonCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Tengen Uzui, Hinatsuru, Makio, Suma, Daki, GyuutarouJapanese script from unknown transcriber (kitsunekko.net) Japanese transcribed by DayfairiesEnglish translation from GogoAnime subtitles English transcribed and organized by Kiriban[Scene: In the entertainment district. Hinatsuru fires a kunai-shooting device at Gyuutarou. He blocks most of the kunai knives, but Uzui launches toward him and cuts his legs off. As he falls back, Gyuutarou is struck by a kunai in his neck.]Gyuutarou	Wha…Uzui	Heh…Hinatsuru	(Thoughts) Please work! Just for a second!(Thoughts) That way… someone can behead him for sure!Tanjirou	Urahh!Uzui	Urahh![Scene: In the past, at the Uzui family grave. Uzui places incense on the grave as Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma stand behind him. Everyone prays.]Uzui	If my siblings were still alive…[Action: Uzui pours a bottle of sake over the grave.]Uzui	… maybe we would’ve gone drinking one day.Sorry, but I still haven’t managed to die yet. But I did bring some fine sake, so cut me some slack.One day, we’ll all drink together over there.[Action: Uzui, Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma sit down for lunch at the gravesite. Uzui drinks a cup of sake.]Uzui	Ahh~!Now, in their honor, dig in and be as flashy as you can![Action: Uzui takes something to eat.]Uzui	Woah, these are tasty! Don’t hold back, you three.Hinatsuru	Lord Tengen, do you…Uzui	Huh?Hinatsuru	Lord Tengen, do you still think about your deceased siblings?Uzui	Sure. Not a day goes by that I don’t recall them.Hinatsuru	Ah…Uzui	Even now, it seems like yesterday that I left my homeland with you three.[Action: Uzui takes another thing to eat.]Uzui	Hey, this one’s tasty, too! Come on, join me!Wives	Right…[Action: Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma take some food.]Suma	Ah… Delicious!Makio	Hey! Would it kill you to show some restraint?Hinatsuru	Now, now…Suma	But Lord Tengen told us to dig in!Here you go, Makio!Makio	Mmph…!Mm… Delicious.Suma	Isn’t it? Hahaha! Fufufufu…Uzui	Someday, I’m going to Hell.Wives	Ah…Uzui	Whoops! I shouldn’t have said that. I don’t need another tongue-lashing from you three.I’m going to live the flashiest life possible for my siblings’ sakes. With you three, that is.Wives	Right.[Action: A breeze blows through the area, bringing cherry blossoms toward the group.]Wives	Oh… Ahh…Hinatsuru	How lovely.[Action: Uzui plucks a cherry blossom petal from Hinatsuru’s hair.]Hinatsuru	Ah…Th-Thank you very much.Uzui	Sure.[Action: Makio puts cherry blossom petals in her hair.]Makio	Lord Tengen! Lord Tengen!Me, too! Me, too!Uzui	You plastered them on yourself, didn’t you?Makio	You’re so cruel, Lord Tengen!Hinatsuru	Lord Tengen, would you mind giving me that petal?Uzui	I don’t mind at all, but there are tons of them everywhere.Hinatsuru	That’s the one I want.[Action: Uzui gives Hinatsuru the flower petal. She holds it to her chest.]Hinatsuru	Heh… Thank you very much.Makio, SumaAhhh…[Action: Makio and Suma rush toward Uzui.]Uzui	Erk!Makio, SumaLord Tengen, I want one, too!Uzui	Huh? Just pick up one of these petals yourselves!Hinatsuru	Ah…Makio, SumaYou’re so cruel!Hinatsuru	Mm…[Scene: In the present. Hinatsuru watches as Tanjirou and Uzui rush toward Gyuutarou.]Hinatsuru	(Thoughts) Lord Tengen!Uzui	Ngh!Tanjirou	Urahh![Action: Gyuutarou regenerates his legs instantly.]Uzui	(Thoughts) He regenerated his legs?!(Thoughts) Dammit! He’s already neutralized the poison!Gyuutarou	Man, that sure packed a punch… This poison, I mean…Blood Demon Art…[Action: Waves of Gyuutarou’s blood circle his arms.]Gyuutarou	… Rotating Circular Slashes, Flying Blood Scythes!Tanjirou	Ngh…!Uzui	(Thoughts) Slashing us without even swinging his arms?! Over a wide range!Tanjirou	Grr… Ah![Action: As Tanjirou is being attacked by Gyuutarou, Uzui kicks him away.]Uzui	Sound Breathing, Fourth Form… Constant Resounding Slashes![Action: Uzui and Gyuutarou are locked in battle.]Uzui	Ngh… Urah! Urahh![Action: The attacks eventually stop.]Uzui	Ngh…(Thoughts) He vanished! Ngh… Grr…Hinatsuru	Lord Tengen, behind you![Action: Daki’s obi sashes attack Uzui from behind. He dodges them.]Uzui	Ngh…Hinatsu… Ngh…[Action: As the obi sashes surround Uzui, Hinatsuru throws her kunai knives at them.]Hinatsuru	I’ll draw the belts toward myself! Lord Tengen, don’t mind me! Go look for the dem --[Action: Gyuutarou covers Hinatsuru’s mouth with his hand.]Gyuutarou	Well, you have a lot of nerve. I’m sure going to mind you, you hear me?Uzui	Hinatsuru!!Ngh…[Action: Daki’s obi sashes fly toward Uzui again. He blocks the attack.]Uzui	(Thoughts) Dammit! The belts are blocking me![Action: Daki’s obi sashes form a dome around Uzui.]Uzui	(Thoughts) Hinatsuru![Scene: In the past. Uzui stands in a field as the sun sets.]Suma	(Flashback) Wow! It’s so beautiful here, isn’t it, Lord Tengen? (Flashback) I wish I could become a dragonfly and soar like that!Uzui	(Flashback) Hey, that’s a flashy dream if I ever heard one.Makio	(Flashback) There you go again, sounding like a fool! Suma	(Flashback) What~? That’s so not true! I hate you, Makio! Makio	(Flashback) What was that? I dare you to say that again! Hinatsuru	(Flashback) Heh…Uzui	(Flashback) Huh?Hinatsuru	(Flashback) Fufufu… Fufufufu!(Flashback) Lord Tengen… After defeating an Upper Rank demon, let’s withdraw from the front lines… and live as ordinary people.(Flashback) Though we were raised as shinobi, and though it won’t bring back the lives that we took, we still need to set things right somewhere along the line… or else we can never hold our heads up as long as we live.(Flashback) When that day comes, all four of us might not be alive. But no hard feelings, all right? Heh…[Scene: In the present. Uzui comes to his senses.]Uzui	Ngh… Grr![Action: Uzui cuts Daki’s obi sashes away.]Uzui	Leave her alone!!Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) Move! Move, move, move!Ngh![Action: Tanjirou gets back up and runs toward Hinatsuru and Gyuutarou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Another person is about to be killed! Another person is about to be killed before my eyes!(Thoughts) Close the distance! Jump! Up on the roof!(Thoughts) You can’t always be the one under protection! Try to be even a little bit useful![Action: Daki’s obi sashes fly toward Tanjirou. Tanjirou blocks the attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) He doesn’t see me as a threat! It’s because I’m weak! (Thoughts) If I make an unpredictable move, I can save her!Ngh!Guh…(Thoughts) Use the kagura! Hinokami Kagura is the answer! I can reach her easily with that![Action: Tanjirou takes a deep breath and prepares to use the Hinokami Kagura but falters.]Tanjirou	Erk! Ngh…(Thoughts) Ugh! It’s no good! I have no stamina! I can’t dig in! (Thoughts) What should I do? Hurry! Hurry!(Thoughts) What am I going to do? What am I going to do?!(Thoughts) Think! Think! What’s the most that I can do? What is it that I can do right now?!Ah![Action: Tanjirou launches toward Gyuutarou with a combination attack of Water Breathing and Hinokami Kagura. He cuts off Gyuutarou’s arm and moves Hinatsuru away.]Gyuutarou	Ngh… Urgh![Action: Tanjirou begins coughing and struggling to catch his breath.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Seriously, that was a lightning-fast move… (Thoughts) There’s no way he can still move like that!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I did it… I did it!(Thoughts) Blend the breathing techniques! Use Water Breathing and the Hinokami Kagura in combination! That’ll give me more attack power than I’d have with just Water Breathing, and I’ll also be able to move longer than with just the Hinokami Kagura!(Thoughts) I’m sure the swordsmen who’ve fought the demons until now did just that.(Thoughts) Taking the breathing techniques and sword skills that suited them best and modifying them into the form that would allow them to exert maximum power! They racked their brains! That’s why so many different offshoots have been created!(Thoughts) Modify it… into any form. Be flexible! That’s the fighting style that Urokodaki taught me!(Thoughts) Even if I can never fully master Water Breathing like Tomioka has, I won’t let what Urokodaki taught me go to waste![Action: Gyuutarou launches himself toward Tanjirou.]Gyuutarou	Either way, you’re going down![Action: Gyuutarou slashes at Tanjirou. Tanjirou blocks the attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!Gyuutarou	Urahh…[Action: Uzui appears behind Gyuutarou.]Uzui	Tanjirou Kamado!Tanjirou,	Ah!HinatsuruUzui	You have my gratitude![Scene: In the entertainment district. Zenitsu and Inosuke fight Daki.]Daki	Hahahaha!Inosuke	Woah! Ngh! Gah!Dammit! These things are flapping around like crazy! So annoying! Urahh! Dammit! They’re slithery, but they’re freaking hard![Action: Inosuke is launched into the air by Daki’s obi sashes.]Inosuke	Ngh!They just keep coming! Woah! Ngh…Ah… Huh?[Action: Inosuke sees Uzui about to attack Gyuutarou.]Inosuke	Ah, dammit! They’re about to decapitate him!Zenitsu	Inosuke! Here comes the next assault![Action: Daki’s obi sashes aim at Inosuke. He narrowly avoids being hit.]Inosuke	Ahh!Ngh… Woah!Crap! We can’t bring this one down unless we strike in tandem!We’re stirring things up as we flee, so we’re able to dodge her attacks somehow, but there’s no point in just dodging!We have to close the distance and go for her head! Grrrr… Grrrrr… Urahhh![Action: Inosuke rushes forward and swings his swords wildly.]Inosuke	Grrr… Ngh! Erk… Ngh![Action: Inosuke and Zenitsu dodge backward.]Zenitsu	Inosuke! Calm down!There’s absolutely no reason for us to slash them at the same time! We just need to make sure the two demons’ heads aren’t connected!Ngh…[Action: Daki’s obi sashes surround Zenitsu. He cuts them away.]Zenitsu	Even after they behead their demon, don’t give up! Let’s unleash our attack! Inosuke	You… You… Damn! You really are something else! What’s wrong?! [Action: Uzui prepares to behead Gyuutarou.]Uzui	Urahh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Stay alert! Go for his head yourself! I can do this![Action: Tanjirou aims for Gyuutarou, but he stops both Tanjirou’s and Uzui’s swords.]Tanjirou	Ah!Uzui	(Thoughts) Damn! It won’t budge!Gyuutarou	Hahaha… The likes of you, cutting off my head? Never gonna happen![Action: Gyuutarou’s flesh begins to grow over Tanjirou’s and Uzui’s swords.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) My blade is stuck!Uzui	Ngh…![Action: Uzui uses his second sword to aim for Gyuutarou’s neck. Gyuutarou turns his head around and bites Uzui’s sword.]Uzui	(Thoughts) Don’t swing your head all the way behind you! Damn you![Action: Blood begins to spew from Gyuutarou’s shoulders again.]Uzui	(Thoughts) Not that again!Kamado! Hang on!Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Hinatsuru grabs onto Nezuko’s box.]Hinatsuru	Ngh…![Action: Gyuutarou begins using his Blood Demon Art attack again.]Uzui	Ngh![Action: Uzui plants his foot into the roof and jumps off while holding Gyuutarou.]Tanjirou	Uzui! Hinatsuru	Lord Tengen! Tanjirou	Uzui --[Action: Gyuutarou’s attack hits the roof near Tanjirou and Hinatsuru, knocking them back.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Hinatsuru	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ngh…Inosuke	Look out!Tanjirou,	Ah…Hinatsuru Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Daki’s obi sashes, Inosuke, and Zenitsu appear before Tanjirou and Hinatsuru. Zenitsu and Inosuke parry the attacks.]Inosuke	Urahh!Zenitsu	Ngh…Inosuke	Urahh!Tanjirou	Inosuke! Zenitsu!Inosuke	Ngh… Urah!Tanjirou	Ah…Zenitsu	Ngh…Inosuke	Urahh!They’re forcing us to change our strategy! Muscle!!I can’t close in on that worm woman, no matter what! So the three of us will take her on while the old guy deals with the praying mantis demon alone!Zenitsu	At least this one is weaker than the man with the scythe! Let’s decapitate this one first!Tanjirou, can you still move?Tanjirou	Ngh… Ah…[Action: Tanjirou looks down toward Uzui and Gyuutarou. As he does, Daki’s obi sashes surround him. He cuts them away.]Tanjirou	I can move! But Uzui’s been poisoned by the enemy, so he’s in bad shape!We have to finish this as soon as possible![Action: Gyuutarou’s Blood Demon Art attack heads toward Tanjirou. He dodges and blocks the attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!(Thoughts) That was close! I barely blocked it! He’s attacking us even as he fights Uzui?Hinatsuru!Hinatsuru	Don’t worry about me! I’ll go hide! Just focus on winning!Tanjirou	Look out! Behind you!Hinatsuru	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou and Zenitsu block Daki’s obi sashes from reaching Hinatsuru.]Tanjirou	Are you all right? Hinatsuru	Yes! Thank you! [Action: Hinatsuru leaves the scene.]Daki	Hahahaha! I can see that your movements are getting more and more sluggish! I wonder which of you will be the first to fall apart!Inosuke	(Thoughts) Dammit! Monichi and I are practically unscathed! We gotta take care of this!The other two are all banged up!(Thoughts) What was the point of all that training?! (Thoughts) What was the point?! What was the point?!Tanjirou	Inosuke!Inosuke	Ah…Tanjirou	This demon’s neck is too soft to slash! It’s going to take a lot of speed! We’ll have to slash her from multiple directions, or it won’t work!Inosuke	Ah…[Action: Inosuke looks in Tanjirou’s direction.]Inosuke	(Thoughts) Now that it’s heading toward Tanjirou as well, the attack is slightly… ever so slightly slowed down…… i-is what it looks like to me! I’m just going to assume that it has![Action: Inosuke launches toward Daki and blocks her attacks.]Inosuke	Urahh! All right! Woah! Urahh! All right!If it’s multiple directions you want, just leave it to yours truly, the dual-wielder, dammit!The three of us together… can beat her!!Tanjirou	Gotcha!Zenitsu, we’re protecting Inosuke!Zenitsu	Okay!Daki	Fufu… Even if you bring another ugly freak into the fray, it’s not going to change anything![Action: Daki launches another attack toward Tanjirou, Inosuke, and Zenitsu. Tanjirou and Zenitsu block the attacks for Inosuke.]Inosuke	Guh! Ah! Ngh… Woah!Tanjirou	Inosuke!Inosuke	Let’s go! Don’t be late, my underlings![Action: Daki launches another attack toward Inosuke.]Inosuke	Huh?[Action: Tanjirou and Zenitsu block Daki’s attack.]Inosuke	Beast Breathing… Eighth Fang. Explosive… Rush![Action: Inosuke launches forward. Daki tries to attack him, but Tanjirou and Zenitsu continue to block her attacks.]Tanjirou	Water Breathing, Third Form!Ngh… Grr… Urahh!Zenitsu	Thunder Breathing, First Form…[Action: Zenitsu launches forward and cuts Daki’s obi sashes. Tanjirou continues to do the same.]Tanjirou	Urah!Zenitsu	Ngh!Inosuke	Urahhh!Tanjirou	Flowing…Zenitsu	Thunderclap and Flash!Tanjirou	… Dance!Zenitsu	… Eightfold![Action: Tanjirou and Zenitsu block Daki’s attacks as Inosuke continues to rush forward.]Inosuke	Urahhh!!Ngh… Urahh![Action: Daki’s obi sashes cut Inosuke shallowly.]Inosuke	Urahhh!Daki	(Thoughts) He’s… He’s only focusing on heading straight toward me without any defence![Action: Inosuke prepares to attack.]Daki	Ah![Action: Daki’s obi sash moves to attack Inosuke, but he dodges it. He prepares to behead her, but she blocks his swords with her arms.]Inosuke	I’m getting it done this time!Daki	(Thoughts) You can’t cut it off! There’s no way you can cut it off! Not with these beat-up blades![Action: Inosuke plants his foot into the roof.]Inosuke	Sixth Fang…[Action: Inosuke begins sawing at Daki’s neck.]Inosuke	Urahhh! Urahh! Ahhh![Action: Daki’s arms and head fly off her body.]Inosuke	Palisade Blade!Daki	Ah…!Tanjirou	You did it, Inosuke!(Thoughts) Amazing! You used them like saws to behead her![Action: Inosuke jumps up and grabs Daki’s head.]Inosuke	Hah![Action: Inosuke begins running around with Daki’s head.]Inosuke	Ngh… Her head! Her head! Her head! I’m gonna race off with it somewhere far away so she can’t stick it back on![Action: Daki’s obi sashes launch toward Inosuke. He dodges them.]Inosuke	Ah! Woah! Grr… Haha!![Action: Tanjirou and Zenitsu continue fighting with Daki’s body.]Inosuke	For now, I’m gonna run all over the place with this head, okay?! You two go help the old guy!Tanjirou	Gotcha!Zenitsu	Be careful, Inosuke!Inosuke	Yeah!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Uzui![Action: Tanjirou jumps over the rooftops to look for Uzui.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) We have to join him right away![Action: Inosuke continues to run with Daki’s head.]Inosuke	Urahhh!Daki	You damn boar! Let me go![Action: Daki’s hair grows, and she prepares to attack Inosuke. He cuts her hair away.]Inosuke	Urah!Wahahaha! Your attacks are pretty lame!Daki	What did you say?!Inosuke	Maybe you can’t die, but it sure looks like you get weak once your head’s cut off!Wahahaha![Action: Gyuutarou attacks Inosuke from behind, piercing his blood scythe through Inosuke’s chest.]Inosuke	Ah… Gah…Tanjirou	Inosuke!!Inosuke! Inosuke!This is bad! The poison! Where’s the wound? Was he stabbed in the heart? It’s so dark that I can’t see! Dammit! Dammit!Gyuutarou	Hahahaha…Tanjirou	What’s he doing here? Where’s Uzui?Uzui![Action: Tanjirou looks down to the ground. Uzui lies on the ground with one of his hands cut off.]Tanjirou	Ah!Zenitsu	Tanjirou! Look out!Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Zenitsu pushes Tanjirou out of the way of Daki’s attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Dammit!(Thoughts) Zenitsu… Forget about me![Action: Tanjirou begins to fly off the roof. Zenitsu reaches out for him.]Tanjirou	Ahh… Ahh!(Thoughts) This happened because I wasn’t paying attention!(Thoughts) I’m sorry, Inosuke! If only I’d noticed him sooner!(Thoughts) No… I… If I hadn’t left Uzui’s side in the first place, this wouldn’t have happened!(Thoughts) Sorry. Sorry! Sorry, everyone! (Thoughts) Sorry, Nezuko.Demon Slayer S.2 E.17Title: Never Give UpCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Tengen Uzui, Hinatsuru, Makio, Suma, Daki, GyuutarouJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the entertainment district. Tanjirou sees Uzui lying on the ground with his hand cut off.]Tanjirou	Ah!Zenitsu	Tanjirou! Look out!Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees Daki’s obi sashes rise over the rooftop. Zenitsu pushes Tanjirou out of the way.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Dammit![Action: Tanjirou begins to fly off the roof. Zenitsu reaches out to him.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Zenitsu… Forget about me!Ahh… Ahh!(Thoughts) This happened because I wasn’t paying attention! (Thoughts) I’m sorry, Inosuke! If only I’d noticed him sooner!(Thoughts) No… I… If I hadn’t left Uzui’s side in the first place, this wouldn’t have happened!(Thoughts) Sorry… Sorry! Sorry, everyone! [Scene: In the entertainment district. Tanjirou falls off the roof and hits the ground with Nezuko’s box.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Sorry. Sorry, everyone.[Action: Tanjirou closes his eyes.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Sorry… Nezuko.[Scene: In Tanjirou’s subconscious. Tanjirou stands in a snowy forest.]Nezuko	Don’t apologize, Big Bro.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Nezuko appears before Tanjirou in her human form.]Nezuko	Big Bro, why are you always apologizing?If we’re poor, does that make us unhappy? If we can’t wear pretty kimonos, should people pity us?Are you so determined to blame someone? You think it was our father's fault for dying of illness.He tried as hard as he could, and it wasn’t enough, so we just have to accept that! We’re humans, after all, so none of us can expect everything to go our way.Whether you’re happy or not is up to you. The important thing is now.[Action: A strong wind blows, and the ends of Nezuko’s hair become red.]Nezuko	Let’s just look ahead. Let’s try hard together! Let’s fight!Stop apologizing. You of all people should understand! I want you to understand how I feel![Scene: In the entertainment district. Tanjirou wakes up with a start.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou takes a few panting breaths and finds the area around him on fire.]Tanjirou	Was that a dream about the past?Huh? Where am I? I…(Thoughts) This is awful. I can’t believe it ended up like this.(Thoughts) Were the people who live here able to escape? Ah! Where’s Nezuko?[Action: Tanjirou turns to see Nezuko. She has fallen out of her box but is unharmed.]Tanjirou	Nezuko… Thanks, Nezuko.(Thoughts) I have to do what I can do![Action: Tanjirou turns around and finds Gyuutarou standing right in front of him.]Gyuutarou	What’s this? You’re still alive?Tanjirou	Ah!Gyuutarou	You’re one lucky guy, huh? Well, not that you have anything going for you except being lucky.[Action: Daki watches Tanjirou and Gyuutarou from a rooftop.]Gyuutarou	I feel sorry for you. Everyone but you is probably done for.A single thrust to that boar’s heart. That towheaded boy’s trapped under the rubble, and he’s flailing, so I’m just going to leave him there until he dies. Squirming like an insect… How disgraceful is that!And how weak was that Hashira! All he had was bluster! The poison got to him, stopping his heart, and now he’s dead! It’s all over for him!So disgraceful! So disgraceful! You four are truly disgraceful! Especially you! You’re in another league!The one sticking out of that box you carry is a relative, right? I can tell that she’s closely related to you even if she’s a demon now. Is she your older or younger sister?[Action: Tanjirou begins to pant.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Why won’t he kill me? What is this?(Thoughts) My arm is numb. I still have no strength. Even if I went for his head now, I couldn’t slash it.Nezuko… is my younger sister.Gyuutarou	Fu… Fufu… Fufufufu!! Just as I thought! You really are a disgrace! You’re not protecting your little sister at all!Tanjirou	Grr…[Action: Gyuutarou kneels in front of Tanjirou.]Gyuutarou	Well, I guess it can’t be helped. Since you’re a human and your sister’s a demon.Of course you’re weaker than your demon sister. Even so, what a disgrace!If you’re her big bro…[Action: Gyuutarou begins to pet Tanjirou’s head.]Gyuutarou	… instead of being protected by your little sister, you should be protecting her.Devotedly. With this hand, see? Hehehe![Action: Gyuutarou lifts Tanjirou’s right hand and smashes his fingers.]Tanjirou	Gah! Ahh… Guh!Gyuutarou	Hehehehahaha!Hey, listen![Action: Gyuutarou begins smacking Tanjirou’s head.]Gyuutarou	How do you feel now? Being the only one to survive so disgracefully!That little sister you rely on has all but used up her strength![Action: Gyuutarou grabs Tanjirou’s hair and begins waving Tanjirou’s head around.]Gyuutarou	Hey, worm! Dimwit! Sad sack! Coward! Good-for-nothing! Why were you even born, huh?!What are you gonna do? With your weak sauce, battered, disgraceful human body! Let’s see you cut off my head! Come on! Come on! Come on!![Action: Tanjirou breathes heavily.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou grabs Nezuko’s box and runs off.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Gyuutarou	Huh? Daki	Heh…Gyuutarou	Hahahaha! I see! Your soul got crushed at the last minute, huh?How disgraceful of you! You’re disgraceful as all get-out![Action: Gyuutarou rushes forward and hits Tanjirou into a burning building.]Tanjirou	Urgh!Ngh… Ah![Action: A piece of the building falls. Tanjirou dodges out of the way and into the street.]Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou continues to run. Gyuutarou walks toward him with his scythes drawn.]Gyuutarou	Hahahaha… So disgraceful. You really are one disgraceful guy.I’ve never seen anyone as disgraceful as you. Hehehehe…[Action: Tanjirou trips. Nezuko’s box falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	Gah!Ugh… Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou reaches for small sachets on the ground and throws them at Gyuutarou as he approaches.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh…Gyuutarou	Heh…[Action: Gyuutarou kicks Tanjirou in the stomach.]Tanjirou	Ugh! Gah…Gyuutarou	Hehehehe… As disgraceful as you are, I don’t dislike you.I like anything that’s pathetic, disgraceful, and filthy! This filthy scar on your forehead![Action: Gyuutarou begins stroking Tanjirou’s scar with his thumb.]Gyuutarou	I like it! I think I’m getting attached to it!I know! Why don’t you become a demon, too? For your little sister’s sake as well!That’s it! That’s it! What a great idea! If you become a demon, I’ll spare your life! We’ll be friends!Otherwise, I’ll slaughter your sister, too. Since I really don’t give a crap about other people’s little sisters.Daki	No way! You’d better not, Brother! I’m so not on board with that, all right?Gyuutarou	If you become a demon, you can become stronger, just like that! You can kiss that defective physical body goodbye!Hey! Hey! What’s it gonna be?Tanjirou	Grr…[Action: Tanjirou raises his head.]Gyuutarou	Hahahaha… Your own weakness makes you bitter, doesn’t it? When humans grieve, they look up to the sky. You know, so their tears don’t overflow.Tanjirou	I… I… I was waiting for this moment.Ngh![Action: Tanjirou headbutts Gyuutarou.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) A last-ditch headbutt, huh? That had zero effect on me![Action: Gyuutarou falls backward.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) M-My body won’t…Daki	Brother, what are you doing? Get on your feet!Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Something’s wrong. What’s going on? Something’s wrong! It was nothing but a lame human headbutt!Ah![Action: Gyuutarou sees one of the poisoned kunai knives in his leg.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) A kunai! I got stabbed when he headbutted me!(Thoughts) This brat was pretending to run away when he was really going for this kunai! He scattered the courtesans’ sachets along with the rubble to cover up the scent of the kunai’s poison![Action: Tanjirou gets up and raises his sword.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Damn you… Damn you! You’re a weakling! A stinking human!(Thoughts) Look how beat up you are after I rubbed my superior strength in your face!(Thoughts) Why won’t you give up when you’re on your own? Why won’t you cave in?! (Thoughts) The will to bring me down… Why is it so unswerving?![Action: Tanjirou brings his sword down on Gyuutarou’s neck.]Tanjirou	Urahhh!! [Scene: In Tanjirou’s subconscious. Nezuko, who still a human, carries Rokuta on her back.]Nezuko	Bro… Big Bro… Big Bro![Action: The scene fades out. Nezuko reappears as a demon.]Nezuko	Big Bro![Scene: In the entertainment district. Daki watches as Tanjirou attacks Gyuutarou.]Daki	Brother!Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees Gyuutarou glaring at him from the ground. He sees himself in Gyuutarou’s place.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) At every turn, one false step, and I could’ve found myself in that same situation.(Thoughts) I was lucky enough to remain a human, but there could’ve been a future in which we were both demons.(Thoughts) But even if I end up turning into a demon, I’m sure… that someone in the Demon Slayer Corps will do me the favor of beheading me.Gyuutarou	Grrr…![Action: Gyuutarou grabs the kunai in his leg.]Tanjirou	Urahhh!!(Thoughts) Cut through! Cut through!(Thoughts) Win! Win, no matter what! We’re going to win![Action: Tanjirou’s blade begins to cut into Gyuutarou’s neck.]Daki	Hey! Are you kidding me? Don’t get beheaded by someone like him!Ngh![Action: Daki sends out her obi sashes toward Tanjirou. Zenitsu appears and cuts Daki’s obi sashes.]Daki	Ah…Damn him! He pulled himself out of the rubble! Out of my way, ugly freak![Action: Daki sends her obi sashes out toward Zenitsu. He dodges the attack.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Thunder Breathing, First Form.Daki	I know how fast your move is! I’ve seen it so many times!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Thunderclap and Flash… Godlike Speed![Action: Zenitsu attacks. He cuts through Daki’s neck, though her head is still attached to her body by the obi sash.]Daki	(Thoughts) So fast![Action: Zenitsu cuts through part of the obi sash.]Daki	(Thoughts) M-My head is being severed!(Thoughts) This is bad… I didn’t think he could move like this!Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Cut through… Cut through! Follow through!(Thoughts) I can only use Thunderclap and Flash Godlike Speed twice! It saps the strength from my legs!(Thoughts) I’ve already used it once to escape the rubble, so this is my last chance! And I won’t get another chance to go for her neck if I don’t do it now!(Thoughts) Tanjirou created this one-in-a-million chance! I’m going to slash her for sure! For sure!Gyuutarou	Urahhh…![Action: Gyuutarou begins to push himself up.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Dammit, I can’t cut through! It’s too hard! The poison should’ve weakened him! Am I still not strong enough?!Gyuutarou	Grr…[Action: Gyuutarou pulls the kunai out of his leg.]Gyuutarou	Urahhh!![Action: Gyuutarou’s blood begins to congeal in the air.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He’s already recovered from the poison! I’m being engulfed! I’ll get slashed!My sword is being repelled![Action: Tanjirou is knocked back by Gyuutarou’s attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ahh! I was so close! I was so close to…![Action: Gyuutarou launches his counterattack. Tanjirou begins blocking them.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t give up! Don’t give up! Don’t give up! Hang on! Until the end!Gyuutarou	You little punk!![Action: Gyuutarou attacks more furiously.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Gyuutarou	Urgh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) His attack speed… is increasing!(Thoughts) He’s breaking down the poison! He’s making a full recovery! (Thoughts) Don’t give up! Don’t give up!!Gyuutarou	Urahhh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t give --[Action: Gyuutarou’s scythe draws closer to Tanjirou’s eye. Uzui suddenly appears and blocks Gyuutarou’s attack, one sword in his hand and the other in his mouth.]Uzui	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ah!Gyuutarou	Ah…Uzui	Urahhh![Action: Uzui slices toward Gyuutarou, and Gyuutarou is knocked back.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) He’s not dead! He wasn’t dead!(Thoughts) His heart… I get it! He used his muscles to force his heart to stop, huh?! That enabled him to temporarily stop the poison from circulating!Tanjirou	Uzui!Uzui	I’ve finished my Musical Score Technique! We’re going for the win![Action: Uzui launches forward.]Gyuutarou	Don’t make me laugh![Action: Gyuutarou launches his attack at Uzui. A high-pitched ring resounds in Uzui’s ear. Uzui blocks one of Gyuutarou’s attacks.]Uzui	Ichi!Gyuutarou	Ngh![Action: Uzui continues deflecting Gyuutarou’s attacks.]Uzui	San! Shichi! Go! I! Kin!I can read it! That filthy score of yours!Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) He deflected all of my Rotating Circular Slashes![Action: Tanjirou runs after Uzui.]Tanjirou	Amazing![Action: Uzui slashes into the ground. Gyuutarou is knocked back.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) “Score”? Did he say “score”?! Did he turn my Blood Demon Art into a song and deflect it?! Even when he only has one arm?! No way is this possible!Don’t give me this crap![Action: Gyuutarou launches toward Uzui.]Gyuutarou	Urahh!Uzui	Ngh![Action: Uzui and Gyuutarou clash, causing a large explosion. The two are locked in battle.]Gyuutarou	Grr… Uzui	Ngh! Ugh! Gyuutarou	Urahh![Action: Uzui is sent backward. Gyuutarou continues his assault, but Uzui continues to deflect the attacks.]Uzui	Ngh!Urahh!Ngh! Hah!Gyuutarou	Urahh![Action: Uzui and Gyuutarou continue to fight.]Uzui, GyuutarouUrahhh!!Uzui	Urahhh!!Gyuutarou	Urahhh!!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Amazing! He’s holding his own!(Thoughts) But that’s not enough to defeat him! Uzui’s going to reach his limit first! (Thoughts) I have to do it before that happens! I have to cut off his neck!Ngh![Action: Tanjirou launches toward Gyuutarou. Uzui and Gyuutarou continue to lock blades.]Gyuutarou	Urahhh![Action: Gyuutarou cuts through the chain of Uzui’s blade.]Uzui	Ah…!Gyuutarou	Ngh![Action: Gyuutarou stabs into Uzui’s abdomen and slices upward. Uzui’s left eye is sliced.]Tanjirou	Uzui!Uzui	Don’t stop!![Action: Uzui charges at Gyuutarou and pushes him forward.]Uzui	Jump![Action: Tanjirou jumps into the air and prepares to attack.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) You’re too slow… you little dumbass![Action: Gyuutarou slices upward. His scythe goes through Tanjirou’s chin.]Tanjirou	Ah…Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Even if you have someone to pave the way for you, a loser is still a loser! It’s all over now! The poison will kill you!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m gonna slash you! I’m gonna behead you! I’m not giving up! I’m definitely going to behead you![Action: Tanjirou swings into Gyuutarou’s neck.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Damn you! Still swinging your sword! You fool! You couldn’t behead me before! What makes you think you can now?!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t do it with just my arms! I have to slash him with every ounce of strength I have! From the top of my head to the tips of my toes! Use it all!(Thoughts) Ignore all the pain in your body! Hang on! Striking with all your might won’t be enough!(Thoughts) One hundred times more power…[Action: The scar on Tanjirou’s forehead grows and becomes the shape of a flame.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) … summon it by force!Urahhh!![Action: Tanjirou’s hair begins to turn redder. His sword slices more into Gyuutarou’s neck.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Crap! Not by a brat like him! (Thoughts) This is bad! I’m about to be beheaded![Action: Tanjirou’s sword cuts a little deeper.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) No, I’m good! Even if I get beheaded, as long as my sister’s head is still intact…(Thoughts) First, I’m going to finish this one off![Action: Gyuutarou watches Daki and Zenitsu’s fight in Daki’s third eye. Zenitsu continues to try to cut through Daki’s obi sash.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) Dammit! I have no more strength!Daki	I’m going to chop you into little pieces before you can decapitate me![Action: Daki prepares to attack Zenitsu with her obi sashes. Inosuke appears and cuts them.]Inosuke	Urahh!Daki	(Thoughts) What’s he doing here? Didn’t my brother impale him through the heart?Inosuke	Don’t underestimate the flexibility of my body! Shifting the position of my internal organs is child’s play for me! And since I grew up on a harsh mountainside, poison doesn’t work on me, either!Urgh![Action: Inosuke slices into Daki’s obi sash with Zenitsu. It begins to cut more.]Daki	Brother! Do something, will you, Brother?![Action: Tanjirou’s sword cuts further into Gyuutarou’s neck.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) I have to unleash the Rotating Circular Slashes!Zenitsu	Urahhh!Inosuke	Urahhh!Tanjirou	Urahhh![Action: Zenitsu and Inosuke cut through Daki’s obi sash. Tanjirou beheads Gyuutarou. Tanjirou falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	Ugh…[Action: Daki’s and Gyuutarou’s heads roll until they are facing each other. Makio and Suma watch from a rooftop as Hinatsuru rests.]Gyuutarou	Ahh…Suma	They beheaded them…They beheaded them! Beheaded them! Beheaded them! Wahhh~!They beheaded them, Hinatsuru! Please take a look from beyond the grave!Makio	What the… Do you even know what you’re saying?!Suma	Huh?[Action: Makio slaps the back of Suma’s head.]Makio	Idiot!Suma	Ouch!Hinatsuru	Wait! Something seems off about this![Action: Tanjirou pants heavily and struggles to breathe. His hearing starts to fade.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Th-The poison… Deal with it with your breathing! (Thoughts) S-Slow down the poison as much as you can!Uzui	Kamado! Get up! It’s not over yet!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What? He’s saying something.(Thoughts) His head… Did I fail to cut it off after all?Uzui	Run! This isn’t over yet!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Uzui is… saying something.Uzui	Run!![Action: A large Blood Demon Art attack erupts from Gyuutarou’s body, leveling the surrounding area.]Demon Slayer S.2 E.18Title: No Matter How Many LivesCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Tengen Uzui, Hinatsuru, Makio, Suma, Obanai Iguro, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Amane Ubuyashiki, Hinaki Ubuyashiki, Nichika Ubuyashiki, Kiriya Ubuyashiki, Daki, Gyuutarou, Akaza, Douma, samurai, men, womanJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from GogoAnime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read Kiriban’s FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the entertainment district. Zenitsu and Inosuke are cutting through Daki’s obi sash. Tanjirou is cutting through Gyuutarou’s neck.]Zenitsu	Urahhh!Inosuke	Urahhh!Tanjirou	Urahhh![Action: Zenitsu and Inosuke behead Daki. Tanjirou beheads Gyuutarou. Tanjirou falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Daki and Gyuutarou’s heads roll until they are facing each other.]Daki, GyuutarouAhh…Uzui	Gah![Action: Uzui takes a few deep breaths but sees Gyuutarou’s body preparing for a final attack.]Uzui	Ah…Ah! Kamado![Action: Tanjirou struggles to catch his breath as Gyuutarou’s poison circulates in his body. His hearing isfading out.]Uzui	Kamado! Get up! It’s not over yet!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What? He’s saying something. (Thoughts) His head… Did I fail to cut it off after all?Uzui	Run! This isn’t over yet!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Uzui is… saying something.Uzui	Run!![Action: Gyuutarou’s attack spreads through the area. Nezuko’s box flies into the air. As she comes out of the box, flames surround her arms and she awakens.]Nezuko	Grr… Ngh![Action: Nezuko’s flame spreads throughout the area.][Scene: Sometime later, in the ruins of the entertainment district. Tanjirou lies on the ground. Nezuko, having returned to her smaller size, pats his chest.]Nezuko	Mm-mm… Mm-mm… Mm…[Action: Tanjirou opens his eyes.]Tanjirou	Ah…Nezuko	Mmm…Tanjirou	Ah… Nezuko…[Action: Tanjirou looks around to see that the area has been leveled. He sits up.]Tanjirou	How awful. The whole place is wrecked.[Action: Nezuko nuzzles into Tanjirou.]Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	Oh…Nezuko	Fufu…Tanjirou	You were the one who saved me, Nezuko? Thanks.[Action: Tanjirou strokes Nezuko’s head.]Nezuko	Mm!Tanjirou	Wait… What about the others?[Action: Tanjirou tries to get up, but his legs give out.]Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) I can’t… move my body.(Thoughts) No. Why am I able to move at all? Why am I alive? I was poisoned!Zenitsu	Tanjirou~!Tanjirou	Ah… That sounds like Zenitsu!Zenitsu	Tanjirou~! Help me![Action: Tanjirou tries to move but can’t.]Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Nezuko picks Tanjirou up.]Nezuko	Mm!Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Nezuko runs toward Zenitsu with Tanjirou.]Zenitsu	Tanjirou~! I woke up, and my body hurts all over!Both my legs! Are they broken?! What’s going on?! Who did this to me, huh?! It really hurts! I’m too scared to look!Tanjirou	You’re okay, then? Thank goodness!Zenitsu	I am anything but okay!Not that I don’t deserve pity, too, but Inosuke is in bad shape!Tanjirou	Ah!Zenitsu	The sound of his heartbeat is getting fainter and fainter!Tanjirou	Inosuke! Where is he?Zenitsu	Over there! He’s over there![Action: Inosuke lies motionless on a piece of rubble. Nezuko carries Tanjirou to him. Tanjirou sits Inosuke up.]Tanjirou	Inosuke!!Inosuke! Inosuke, stay with me! Inosuke![Action: Tanjirou feels Inosuke’s heartbeat through his chest.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can feel his heart growing weaker! I have to neutralize the poison![Action: Tanjirou looks up toward the sky.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I know! What about sunlight?(Thoughts) Daybreak is still a ways off. What should I do? What should I do?!(Thoughts) Send a crow to Lady Shinobu? No, there’s not enough time! If I don’t do something right now, Inosuke is going to die!(Thoughts) Why was my life spared? Why was I the only one?!Nezuko	Mm…[Action: Nezuko puts her hand over Inosuke’s wound. Her flame surrounds Inosuke’s body.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) His skin, inflamed by the poison… It’s starting to heal![Action: The poison spreading through Inosuke’s body is neutralized, and his skin is healed.]Inosuke	I’m starving! Gimme something to eat!Tanjirou	Inosuke![Action: Tanjirou hugs Inosuke tightly and cries.]Tanjirou	Wahhh!Inosuke	Ah… Ngh…Tanjirou	Wahh! Thank goodness! Thank goodness!Inosuke	Kn-Knock it off! You’re creeping me out![Scene: Elsewhere in the ruins of the entertainment district. Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma sit around Uzui, whose body is mottled by Gyuutarou’s poison. Suma cries.]Suma	No~!! Please don’t die! Please don’t die on us, Lord Tengen!Not after you managed to survive! Not after you won! I can’t take it! I can’t take it!Makio	Ah…Suma	How are we supposed to deal with demon poison? The antidote isn’t working!The gods are so cruel! Ngh… So cruel! Wahhh!Uzui	I have some last words to leave you.My life until now --Suma	If you let Lord Tengen die, I’m never going to pray to you again! No way will I ever forgive you, you hear me?!Makio	Grr… Come on, shut the hell up! Can’t you hear Lord Tengen talking?!I’m going to stuff your mouth with rocks, you moron![Action: Makio grabs Suma’s hair and tries to stuff rocks into her mouth.]Hinatsuru	Both of you, quiet down!Suma	Wahhh! Makio’s tormenting me!Makio	Shut up, dumbass!Uzui	(Thoughts) You’re kidding me, right? Am I going to die without getting to say my last words?Suma	Listen, cut it out, I said!Uzui	(Thoughts) The poison is making my tongue stiff.Hinatsuru	Cut it out!Uzui	(Thoughts) What am I supposed to do? I still could’ve left those last words, but… Seriously?[Action: Nezuko appears beside Uzui.]Makio	Ah…Suma	Huh?Hinatsuru	What?Nezuko	Mm…[Action: Nezuko puts her hand on Uzui’s arm, and her flames surround him.]Suma	Ahh! Hey!![Action: Suma grabs Nezuko and moves her away from Uzui.]Nezuko	Mm…Suma	What do you think you’re doing?! Who are you, anyway?!I-It’s way too soon to be cremating him! How can you burn him already when he’s not even dead yet![Action: Uzui’s wounds from the poison are completely healed.]Nezuko	Mm…Suma	I’m going to spank you! I’m very angry with you, young lady!Uzui	Hold up a second!Hinatsuru	Ah…Suma	Ngh!Uzui	How do you explain this?The poison has left my body!Wives	Ahh…[Action: Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma hug Uzui and cry.]Wives	Lord Tengen!Hinatsuru	Ahh!Makio	I’m so relieved! Truly!Suma	Wahhh!Uzui	You three… Sorry to make you worry.Tanjirou	I think that Nezuko’s Blood Demon Art ignited the poison, burning it away. Not that I’m really sure how it works.Nezuko	Mm!Tanjirou	But please stay still, or your wounds won’t heal.I’m so glad that you’re okay.Uzui	How can this even be possible? It’s all so confusing.Suma	Thank you!Uzui	Hey, you better not move either, or you’ll die!Suma	Thank you…Tanjirou	I’m going to go search for the demons’ heads. I can’t rest easy until I find them.[Scene: Elsewhere in the ruins of the entertainment district. Nezuko carries Tanjirou on her back as they search for Daki and Gyuutarou’s heads.]Tanjirou	Nezuko! That way! I can smell demon blood![Action: Tanjirou peeks from around a corner. He sees a pool of blood.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Is that a pool of blood? Demon blood?[Action: Tanjirou throws a rock at it. Nothing happens.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) All right! It won’t be attacking anymore.[Action: Tanjirou sticks the tool from Tamayo into the pool and draws blood.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I was able to collect the blood of an Upper Rank demon![Action: Tamayo’s cat appears. Tanjirou puts the tool in the bag.]Tanjirou	Take this to Miss Tamayo.I’m counting on you.[Action: Tanjirou pets the cat, and it leaves. Tanjirou and Nezuko continue their search.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s no one in sight. So Makio and the others managed to evacuate everyone. That’s a relief!Nezuko! This way!Nezuko	Mm?Tanjirou	I want you to head this way!(Thoughts) The demon scent is getting stronger.Gyuutarou	Who the hell gets beheaded by those two bottom-feeders?!Daki	So you were watching after all! Why didn’t you save me, then?!Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou finds Daki and Gyuutarou arguing. Their heads are slowly starting to disintegrate.]Gyuutarou	I was battling a Hashira, you know!Daki	So what if you were? Why didn’t you finish him off?! You could’ve just split his head into two!Gyuutarou	I was about to do that!Daki	Huh?!Gyuutarou	But that kid with the earrings was still alive, so I was going to kill him off first!Since you didn’t do a damn thing yourself, you could’ve at least finished off the Hashira!Daki	Then you should’ve controlled me so that I could do that! But you did nothing! You let your guard down!Gyuutarou	Shut up!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) They’re still alive.Gyuutarou	Look, if you’re going to call yourself an Upper Rank…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Not only that, but they’re arguing!(Thoughts) But it looks like their bodies are starting to disintegrate.Daki	Hey, you’re the idiot! Gyuutarou	What did you say?! [Action: Daki begins to tear up.]Daki	No one as ugly as you… could possibly be my brother.Tanjirou	Ah…Daki	I bet you and I… aren’t even related by blood! We don’t even look anything alike!You’re so useless! Your one saving grace is your strength! Nothing else! You have no value at all if you lose! You worthless, ugly freak!Gyuutarou	Grr… Don’t give me that crap! If you were on your own, you’d be long dead by now! How many times have I saved you?!You’re the worthless one, and you know it. You’re weak, and you have no value whatsoever!I wish I hadn’t protected someone like you all this time!If it hadn’t been for you, my life would’ve been different! Right, if it hadn’t been for you![Action: Daki’s tears begin to spill out.]Gyuutarou	Why do I always have to clean up your messes?[Action: Tanjirou gets off Nezuko’s back and runs toward Daki and Gyuutarou.]Gyuutarou	You just never should’ve been born --[Action: Tanjirou covers Gyuutarou’s mouth.]Tanjirou	That’s a lie. You don’t really feel that way at all. You don’t mean any of that. Try to get along. In this world, you two siblings have no one but each other.There’s no one who will forgive you for what you did. You’ll be resented, despised, and denounced by all those you’ve killed.Nobody will ever be on your side. So if nothing else, you two… shouldn’t be cursing each other out like this![Action: Daki begins to sob.]Daki	Wahhh! Why don’t you shut up?! Don’t you dare lecture us! You stupid brat!Get out of here! Just get lost!I’m so pissed! I’m so pissed! Fix this somehow, Brother! I don’t want to die, Brother! Brother! Bro --[Action: Daki’s head disintegrates completely.]Gyuutarou	Ume!(Thoughts) That’s right. My little sister’s name was Ume. (Thoughts) Not Daki. What a god-awful name.[Scene: In the past, in Gyuutarou’s memory. A man opens the door to Daki and Gyuutarou’s house and finds Gyuutarou, who is still a human, sitting next to a dead body.]Man	Grr… Ngh![Action: The man runs off.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) No… Ume was pretty bad, too. Since you were named after the disease that killed our mother.(Thoughts) The Rashomon Riverbank. We were born into the lowest class of the Entertainment District. Children were seen as extra mouths to feed, so we were cursed just for living.(Thoughts) My mother nearly killed me more than once before I was ever born. And she also tried to kill me numerous times after I was born, since I was nothing but a burden. And yet, I still survived.(Thoughts) My body was weak like a withered leaf, but I clung to life as hard as I could.[Action: Three children throw rocks at Gyuutarou as he walks through the area.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Worm! Dimwit! Sad sack! Coward! Good-for-nothing!(Thoughts) I was mocked for my ugly voice and appearance, and rocks were thrown at me for being filthy.(Thoughts) It was as if all the abuse and insults in the world were created just for me.(Thoughts) Not only was I ugly, but I was filthy, too. Always covered in grime and dandruff from head to toe. Giving off the stench of fleas.(Thoughts) I was especially despised in the Entertainment District, where beauty was the measure of your value. As if I were a monster.(Thoughts) When I got hungry, I ate mice and insects. (Thoughts) My only toy was a scythe that a customer left behind.(Thoughts) Things started to change for me… after Ume was born.[Scene: Sometime later. Daki, who is still a human, has become a teenager.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Ume… You were my pride and joy.(Thoughts) Even at a tender age, grown-ups would reel at the sight of your beautiful face.[Action: Gyuutarou pushes a man to the ground.]Man	Ngh… Eek!Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) I discovered that I was good at fighting and started working as a debt collector.(Thoughts) I revolted everyone, and they all feared me. That made me feel so good.(Thoughts) My ugliness became a source of pride… and having a gorgeous sister like you dispelled my sense of inferiority.(Thoughts) I had the feeling that we were on the fast track to a better life.[Scene: One day, in the evening. Gyuutarou walks home with a bundle of food. When he gets home, he finds Daki’s charred body in a hole in the ground.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Until you turned thirteen, Ume.[Scene: Sometime earlier. Daki stabs a samurai in the eye with a hairpin.]Samurai	(Flashback) Ahh!Daki	(Flashback) Ngh…Samurai	(Flashback) Gahh!(Flashback) Ahh![Scene: In Daki and Gyuutarou’s house. Gyuutarou stands over Daki’s body.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) Because you stabbed a customer, a samurai’s eye with a hairpin, blinding him, you were bound hand and foot out of retaliation and then burned alive!(Thoughts) I wasn’t there. I got home from work to find you burnt to a crisp.[Action: Daki moves slightly.]Daki	Ugh… Ngh…[Action: Gyuutarou holds Daki’s body close.]Gyuutarou	Ah… Ahhh!! Stop! Stop! Stop!Don’t collect from me! You’re collecting from me after never giving me a damn thing?!I’ll never forgive you! I’ll never forgive you!! Turn my sister back to the way she was! Or else… I’ll kill the gods, Buddha, every one of you![Action: The blinded samurai cuts into Gyuutarou’s back.]Gyuutarou	Gah…[Action: Gyuutarou falls into the hole with Daki.]Samurai	You’re sure he’s the one?Woman	Yes! That’s him, all right!I appreciate this! I’m so glad to be rid of that troublemaker!He was such a savage, severely injuring the people he was collecting from! And lately, he’s really been out of control!It’s a shame that we lost Ume, but when I find another pretty girl, I’ll send her your way. So, um, about the money…Samurai	Hold on. After I finish him off.[Action: Gyuutarou leaps out of the hole and attacks the woman.]Woman	Ahh![Action: The samurai turns around to see that Gyuutarou has killed the woman.]Samurai	Huh…?Gyuutarou	Hey, you… That’s a fine kimono you’re wearing, huh?Samurai	Ah…Gyuutarou	You’re clean, and you have a good complexion. I bet you always have plenty to eat and you sleep in a nice, clean bed.I bet that’s all you’ve ever known. Living in a house that shelters you from the rain and wind. Lucky you… Lucky you!A guy who has it so good doesn’t get to make such a racket. Sniveling and moaning…[Action: The samurai moves to attack Gyuutarou, but Gyuutarou strikes first.]Samurai	Ah…Gyuutarou	… over one measly eyeball.[Scene: Sometime later. Gyuutarou carries Daki’s burnt body through the area.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) No one would help us. No surprises there.(Thoughts) That was just the story of our lives. No one ever offered us a helping hand.[Action: Gyuutarou falls to the ground.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) It started snowing. We were never shown the slightest mercy, no matter what the situation.(Thoughts) Why was that?(Thoughts) What happened to “fortune and misfortune are intertwined”?! Both fortune and misfortune should come by turns![Action: Douma appears with the head and body of a woman.]Douma	Hey, what’s the matter? You poor things.I happen to be kindhearted, so I can’t look the other way. That girl is probably going to die any minute now.Ah… I’ll give you some blood! Both of you!If he chooses you, you can become demons.[Action: Douma drops the woman’s head.]Douma	Life is a sacred thing. You should treasure it.Now then… can you become demons… a Twelve Kizuki like me… and rise up to the Upper Ranks, I wonder.Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) I don’t regret becoming a demon.(Thoughts) No matter how many times I’m reborn, I’m going to be a demon every time. I’ll never show mercy to anyone who has a better life. I’ll always be the Gyuutarou who seizes and collects!(Thoughts) But… if I did have one regret, that would be… Ume… You might’ve turned out differently than me.(Thoughts) If you’d worked at a better House, you could’ve become a respectable oiran… If you’d been born to normal parents, you could’ve been a normal girl… If you’d been born into a good family, maybe you would’ve become a well-bred young lady.(Thoughts) You have such an impressionable, pliant nature. Maybe you only turned out this way because I was the one who raised you.(Thoughts) “Take before someone takes from you.” I taught you to collect from others, and that’s why you stabbed that samurai in the eye. But if you’d done as he said, you might’ve followed a different path.[Action: Gyuutarou imagines Daki receiving the hairpin from her customer instead of stealing it from him.]Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) My only regret…Daki	(Imagination) Ah… Fufu!Gyuutarou	(Thoughts) … was you, I guess.[Scene: In the present, in a void. Gyuutarou finds himself alone.]Gyuutarou	What is this place? Is this Hell?Daki	Brother!Gyuutarou	Ah…[Action: Daki, who is now in her human form, appears before Gyuutarou.]Daki	It’s awful here! I don’t like this place!Where are we? I want to leave! Do something!Gyuutarou	You… Look at you…Ah…[Action: Gyuutarou looks at himself, as he is still a demon. He begins to walk away.]Daki	Is the exit that way?Gyuutarou	Listen. Don’t follow me anymore. Daki	B-But why? Wait, I -- Gyuutarou	I said don’t follow me!Ngh…Daki	Are you mad about what I said? I’ll apologize, so forgive me![Action: Daki begins to tear up.]Daki	I don’t think you’re ugly, Brother! I was just bitter! I was bitter because we’d lost! I didn’t want to admit that we’d lost because of me!I’m sorry! For not fighting better! If only I could’ve been more useful, then we wouldn’t have lost! I’m sorry I’m always dragging you down!Listen, Brother!Gyuutarou	You’re not my sister anymore. You’re nothing to me.I’m heading this way, so you go in the opposite direction, toward the light.Daki	Ah…[Action: Daki runs to Gyuutarou and jumps on his back.]Gyuutarou	Ah… Hey!Daki	No… No!I’m not leaving you! I’m never going to leave you, okay?We’re always going to be together! No matter how many times I’m reborn, I’m always going to be your little sister! No matter what!Please don’t hate me! Don’t scold me! Don’t leave me all by myself! I’ll never forgive youif you leave me behind![Action: Daki begins to sob loudly.]Daki	Wahhh! Because we’re always going to be together!You’re so mean. You’re so mean! Don’t you remember the promise we made?Gyuutarou	Ah…Daki	Have you forgotten?Gyuutarou	(Flashback) The two of us together can’t be beat! Being cold or hungry doesn’t bother us at all!(Flashback) I promise you! We’re always going to be together! I’m never going to leave you!(Flashback) See? You’re not afraid of anything now, are you?Daki	Wahhh![Action: Daki sobs loudly again. Gyuutarou hooks his arms under her legs and shifts her weight on his back. Gyuutarou walks into the fire.][Scene: In the present. Tanjirou and Nezuko hold the last of Gyuutarou’s head in their hands. His particles float into the sky and disappear.]Tanjirou	I wonder if they made up.[Action: Nezuko nods.]Nezuko	Mm.Tanjirou	Heh…It’s over, huh? I’m exhausted.[Scene: Elsewhere in the ruins of the entertainment district. Iguro finds Uzui, Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma.]Iguro	Oh? I see. Hmm. Six, huh?That would be the lowest of the Upper Ranks. Well, six or not, you still defeated an Upper Rank, so yes, congratulations are in order. Right, six or not.I don’t mind offering you my praise.Uzui	Well, not that your praise will do anything for me.Suma	That’s right!Makio	You sure took your time getting here.Suma	Y-Y-You took too long to get here! Way too long![Action: Iguro’s snake hisses at Suma.]Suma	Ahhh! Scary!Uzui	Ow…Iguro	What are you going to do now that you’ve lost your left hand and left eye? How long will it take you to return to duty after battling this lowly Upper Six? Who’s going to fill in for you until then?Suma	Grr…Uzui	I’m retiring. There’s just no way I can still fight.I’m sure the Master will accept that.Iguro	Don’t be ridiculous. I refuse to accept it. As it is, too many of the youngsters are dying on us before reaching their potential.There’s still a vacant Hashira spot now that Rengoku is gone. Even someone as uninspiring as you would be better than nothing at all. Battle on until you die.Uzui	Nope, there is a youngster who’s about to reach his potential for sure.That young guy you hate.Iguro	Hey… No way. Then, he survived? This battle… That Tanjirou Kamado?[Scene: At the Demon Slayer Corps Headquarters. Two kasugai crows deliver the news to Kagaya.]Kagaya	Is that right? They defeated it? An Upper Rank?Good job, Tengen, Tanjirou, Nezuko, Zenitsu, Inosuke![Action: Kagaya coughs.]Amane	Master Kagaya…Kagaya	For a hundred years… For a hundred years, nothing had changed! But now it has!Amane…Amane	Yes?[Action: Kagaya coughs again. He grabs Amane’s wrist.]Kagaya	Do you see? This is an omen!Fate is about to take a dramatic turn!The consequences will be widespread! Sweeping up everything around them, shaking them to their core! And finally, they will reach that man.Muzan Kibutsuji! We will defeat you without fail during our generation! You, the sole blemish on my family!Ngh![Action: Kagaya falls over and coughs more.]Amane	Children, go boil some water. And fetch his medicine and some towels! Hurry!Kiriya	Father!Hinaki	Father!Nichika	Father![Scene: In the Infinity Castle. Akaza is summoned.]Akaza	(Thoughts) The alternate dimension… The Infinity Castle.(Thoughts) The fact that I was summoned here means… that an Upper Rank was killed by the Demon Slayers![Scene: In the ruins of the entertainment district. Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma help Uzui walk.]Uzui	Ah… Ngh…Oh, damn! This hurts like hell!Suma	But thank goodness, Lord Tengen!Makio	Really. Thank goodness you’re alive.Hinatsuru	So, it’ll be all four of us returning intact, right?Uzui	Yeah. Let’s go home to a hero’s welcome. And be flashy about it![Action: Tanjirou hugs Zenitsu and Inosuke. All three boys are crying.]Zenitsu	Wahhh! Thank goodness!! We’re alive!Tanjirou	Yeah! Yeah!Inosuke	Ugh…Nezuko	Mm!Tanjirou	You guys… I’m so glad you’re alive!  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.01Title: Someone's DreamCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Nezuko Kamado, Kanao Tsuyuri, Genya Shinazugawa, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Amane Ubuyashiki, Tengen Uzui, Mitsuri Kanroji, Muichirou Tokitou, Aoi Kanzaki, Kiyo Terauchi, Sumi Nakahara, Naho Takada, Yoriichi Tsugikuni, Sumiyoshi, Tecchin Tecchikawahara (Tecchin), Hotaru Haganezuka, Kotetsu, Muzan Kibutsuji, Nakime, Kokushibou, Douma, Akaza, Hantengu, Gyokko, Gotou, Kakushi, swordsmithsJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: At night, in the ruined entertainment district. Gotou searches the area.]Gotou	Ah…This is awful. What kind of battle do you have to wage to end up like this?[Action: Gotou climbs onto a roof and sees Nezuko surrounded by Tanjirou, Zenitsu, and Inosuke.]Gotou	Ah…	Found them![Action: Gotou races down to the group.]Gotou	Everyone! I need you to come! They’re here![Scene: At the Demon Slayer HQ. Kagaya hears the news of Gyuutarou and Daki’s deaths.]Kagaya	Is that right? They defeated it? An Upper Rank?[Action: Kagaya doubles over in pain and coughs.]Kagaya	Guh…Amane	Master Kagaya?Kagaya	For a hundred years… For a hundred years, nothing had changed. But now it has!Do you see? This is an omen!Fate is about to take a dramatic turn!The consequences will be widespread, sweeping up everything around them, shaking them to their core. And eventually, they will reach that man!Muzan Kibutsuji… We will defeat you without fail during our generation! You, the sole blemish on my family![Scene: In the Infinity Castle. Kibutsuji summons the Upper Rank demons.]Akaza	(Thoughts) The alternate dimension… The Infinity Castle. The fact that I was summoned here means… that an Upper Rank was killed by the Demon Slayers!Ngh… Grrr…[Scene: In the Infinity Castle. Nakime summons the Upper Ranks before her. Gyokko jumps in his pot.]Gyokko	Hoho!Well, well, if it isn’t you, Lord Akaza![Action: Gyokko emerges from his pot.]Gyokko	So lovely to see you in such good health! How long has it been? 90 years? The thought that you might’ve perished made my heart sing… Ah! Ahem! It made my worried heart fill with anguish! Hoho!Akaza	Ngh…Hantengu	Terrifying, terrifying! In the time we’ve been apart, you’ve forgotten how to count, Gyokko.It’s been 113 years since we were last summoned.An indivisible number, unlucky and uneven… An odd number! Terrifying, terrifying!Akaza	Biwa woman! Is Lord Muzan not here?[Action: Nakime plays her biwa.]Nakime	He has not yet arrived.Akaza	Then where’s Number One? Don’t tell me he’s been killed.Douma	Woah, woah, woah!Hold up a second, will you, Lord Akaza? Aren’t you even a little bit worried about me?[Action: Douma appears behind Akaza and puts his hand on his shoulder.]Douma	You don’t know how dreadfully worried I was since you are all cherished comrades of mine. And I’d be heartbroken if I lost any of my comrades.Gyokko	Hah! Lord Douma…Douma	Hey there! Long time no see, Gyokko!Is that a brand-new pot? It’s a beauty! You know the pot you gave me? I’m displaying a woman’s head in it! It’s in my room.Gyokko	That wasn’t its intended use. But I do find it intriguing! Douma	Listen. You should come over to my place sometime. Akaza	Get off.Douma	Huh?Akaza	Get your hand off me![Action: Akaza strikes Douma in the face, breaking his jaw.]Hantengu	Eeek![Action: Hantengu flees.]Douma	Woah…[Action: Douma regenerates his jaw.]Douma	Wow, that was some punch. A bit stronger than before, wouldn’t you say, Lord Akaza?Nakime	I summoned Upper One here first. Even now he’s listening to us.Akaza	Ah…Kokushibou	I’ve been here the entire time…Lord Muzan has arrived.[Action: Kibutsuji studies a drop of blood in a glass vial.]Hantengu	Eeek!Kibutsuji	Gyuutarou is no longer with us… meaning the Upper Ranks are now incomplete.Douma	Is that true, my lord? You have my sincerest apologies!Since I was the one who brought Gyuutarou in, how can I atone for this embarrassment? Shall I… gouge out my eyeballs? Or should I --Kibutsuji	I have no need for your wretched eyeballs.I knew that Gyuutarou would be defeated. As expected, Daki proved to be his weakness. Had Gyuutarou fought alone from the start, he would’ve won.If the battle hadn’t gone on after he’d poisoned them… Oh, well. It doesn’t matter anymore.How worthless.Can’t you see you’re falling in order of who has the most of their humanity remaining?Hantengu	Eeek…Kibutsuji	But neither does that matter anymore. I expect nothing of you all.Douma	There you go again with the melancholic words. Has there ever been a time when I didn’t meet your expectations?Kibutsuji	You still haven’t annihilated the Ubuyashiki family.What about the Blue Spider Lily?Akaza	Ngh…[Action: Kibutsuji grabs his desk.]Kibutsuji	Why can’t you find it after so many hundreds of years?I’m… starting to question why you all even exist.[Action: The glass beakers and vials shatter.]Hantengu	Eeek! Please forgive us! I beg of you!Akaza	Ngh…Kokushibou	I don’t know what to tell you. Ubuyashiki is a master at concealing himself.Douma	Search and detection aren’t my strong suits, either. I’m at my wits’ end.Gyokko	Lord Muzan! Not me! I’ve acquired some information that will bring you a step closer to your goals! A mere moment ago --[Action: Kibutsuji cuts Gyokko’s head off and holds it in his hand.]Kibutsuji	The one thing I dislike is change.Changes in circumstances, physical changes, emotional changes… In most cases, change of any kind means degradation. It’s decay. I prefer the unchanging. A perfect unchanging state that lasts forever.Gyokko	(Thoughts) Ahh~! To have Lord Muzan’s hand on my head! How sublime!Kibutsuji	For the first time in 113 years, an Upper Rank has been killed, and my frustration has reached a boiling point!Don’t ever give me unconfirmed information, and wipe that smirk off your face.[Action: Kibutsuji drops Gyokko’s head.]Kibutsuji	I’d advise you all to apply yourselves with more desperate urgency from now on.I’ve been far too lenient considering your failures just because of your status as Upper Ranks.Gyokko, once you’ve confirmed that information, head over there with Hantengu.[Action: Kibutsuji leaves.]Hantengu	Eeek! Understood, my lord!Gyokko	(Thoughts) Gahh! That’s hardly fair! I’m the one who got the information in the first place!How annoying is that?(Thoughts) But that’s what makes it intriguing!Ahh~…[Action: Douma jumps down to Gyokko.]Gyokko	Huh?Douma	Lord Gyokko! What kind of information do you have?[Action: Douma picks up Gyokko’s head.]Douma	I’d like to tag along.Gyokko	No, that wouldn’t be…[Action: Akaza walks toward Douma and Gyokko.]Douma	Can’t you let me in on it? Please, I’m begging --[Action: Akaza cuts through the top of Douma’s head with his hand.]Gyokko	Ahh…Akaza	Did Lord Muzan give you any orders?Get lost.[Action: Kokushibou cuts Akaza’s hand off.]Hantengu	Eeek!Kokushibou	Akaza… You always go too far.Akaza	Ngh…Douma	It’s all right, Lord Kokushibou.[Action: Douma regenerates his head.]Douma	I don’t mind in the least.Kokushibou	It’s not for your benefit that I speak. Disrupting the hierarchy… which, in turn, undermines subordination, is what dismays me.Douma	Oh, is that right? I see.Kokushibou	Akaza… If you are disgruntled, you should battle for a replacement.Douma	Well, well! If I may, Lord Kokushibou, even if he were to challenge us, Lord Akaza could never defeat us.And in my case, since I became a demon after Lord Akaza yet was promoted before him, I’d be angry, too, if I were in his shoes. Don’t be so hard on him!And besides, I didn’t dodge that blow on purpose. It’s just a little harmless horseplay! This is how you nurture friendship, you know.Those of us on top shouldn’t give our subordinates a hard time. Don’t you think --Kokushibou	Akaza.[Action: Akaza tenses up.]Kokushibou	Do you understand… what it is… I’m trying to say?Akaza	I understand.I’m going to kill you… if it’s the last thing I do.Kokushibou	Is that right? Then do your best.[Action: Kokushibou disappears.]Douma	Goodbye, Lord Kokushibou! Goodbye!Hantengu	Eeek!Douma	It kind of feels like I got shut out of the conversation. But that’s just me overthinking it, right, Lord Akaza?[Action: Akaza leaves.]Douma	Huh?Hantengu	Eeek!Douma	Lord Akaza!Gyokko	Hup… Hup…Douma	Hey, I was talking to you…Gyokko	Hup… Hup…Douma	Huh?Gyokko	Please send Hantengu and myself to the same location!Hantengu	Eeek![Action: Nakime strums her biwa, and Gyokko and Hantengu disappear.]Douma	Wait! Me, too! Ah… Hey! Biwa lady!If you’re interested, would you join me for…Nakime	I respectfully decline.[Action: Nakime strums her biwa.][Scene: In Douma’s room. Douma finds himself back in the real world.]Douma	Ugh… You’re all so cold to me.Cultist	Lord Founder, your disciples have arrived.Douma	Oh, is that right? Sorry to keep everyone waiting.Here we go. All right. Let me put this on first.[Action: Douma puts on a hat.]Douma	Ready when you are! Please send them in.[Scene: In the past. Yoriichi sits on the veranda with Sumiyoshi’s baby. Sumiyoshi brings tea and food.]Sumiyoshi	I’ve brought you some tea.Yoriichi	Right. Thank you.Sumiyoshi	Heh… Wow, look how soundly he’s sleeping.Sorry about this. Looks like my wife’s fast asleep, too.I really must apologize, making our guest babysit like this.[Action: Sumiyoshi takes his baby back from Yoriichi.]Yoriichi	No need to apologize. She must be exhausted. It’s a lot of hard work, giving birth and raising a child.I’ll be leaving after I’ve had this.It wouldn’t be right to keep eating for free here.Sumiyoshi	Ah, don’t say that! You saved our lives! If it hadn’t been for you, not only would we be dead, but this child wouldn’t have been born, either.Ahh…[Action: Yoriichi takes a drink of tea.]Sumiyoshi	Very well. Then the least I can do is pass down your name to posterity.Yoriichi	No need for that.Sumiyoshi	But didn’t you say you were at a loss because you have no heirs? Even if a humble charcoal seller like myself can’t do it, I’m sure that one day somebody will.Yoriichi	No need for that.Sumiyoshi… Those who have mastered their skill… share the same fate.Even if it’s a new era, even if you must take a different path to get there, you’ll always find your way back to the same place.You seem to perceive me as some kind of special person, but you’re wrong about that.[Action: Yoriichi gets up and grabs his sword.]Yoriichi	I failed to protect anything that was important to me, and throughout my life, I was unable to do what I was supposed to do.My name is as worthless as I am.Sumiyoshi	Ahh… Please don’t… Please don’t say something like that… Please, I’m begging you! Don’t think of yourself like that![Scene: In the present, in the Butterfly Mansion. Tanjirou wakes up in an infirmary bed with tears in his eyes.]Tanjirou	So sad… So sad…It… was a dream…[Action: Kanao stands in the doorway in shock after having dropped a vase of flowers.]Tanjirou	Where… am I?Kanao	Ah![Action: Kanao runs over to Tanjirou’s bed.]Kanao	Are you okay? You’ve been in a coma for two months ever since that battle!Tanjirou	Is that right? I see…[Action: Kanao begins to tear up.]Kanao	I’m so glad you woke up![Scene: Elsewhere in the Butterfly Mansion. Gotou carries a tray of castella.]Gotou	(Narration) My name is Gotou. I’m a member of the Demon Slayer Corps Cleanup Crew, a Kakushi.(Narration) During the Hashira Meeting, someone said to Tanjirou Kamado, “Are you going to sleep all day? Wake the hell up, will you?” That was me.(Narration) It seems fate tends to draw us together.(Narration) I was also the one who found him and his friends two months ago in the Entertainment District.(Narration) Since I found them like this, I thought, “They’re pretty close!” Or so I thought, until I saw that all three of them were critically wounded and comatose.(Narration) They’re younger than me, and they became swordsmen who risked their lives in battle, so I respect them wholeheartedly.(Narration) I have no clue about this one. What’s his deal?Inosuke	(Imagination) Hmph!Gotou	(Narration) And what I have here in my hands is premium castella.(Narration) To be honest, it’s taking everything I have to stop myself from gobbling it up this second.(Narration) But this is a gift for him since he’s still unconscious. (Narration) They say he’s got a great sense of smell, so maybe…Tanjirou	(Imagination) Ah![Action: Gotou arrives at Tanjirou’s room and finds the broken vase on the floor.]Gotou	(Thoughts) Clean up this mess! I swear, this girl never sees anything through! Gee, Kanao. You never talk, and you’re such a weirdo! It’s all because they made you slay demons since you were a kid![Action: Gotou begins cleaning up the vase.]Gotou	(Thoughts) Ugh… Well, it’s not like I can scold her since she’s higher ranked than me… even though I’m already 23.[Action: Gotou finishes cleaning up the vase.]Gotou	Excuse me. I’m going to set this castella down, so please clear it away after a while. If it seems like it’s about to go bad, you can have it.Tanjirou	Oh, thank you… very much.[Action: Gotou drops the plate of castella.]Gotou	Hey, he’s out of his coma!! Make some noise about that!!You really are scatterbrained, you know that?!Kanao	Ahh…Gotou	You’re supposed to call for someone!! Say, “He’s regained consciousness!”Kanao	Ahh…Gotou	You little idiot!!Everyone’s worried, okay?! Seniority doesn’t mean jack, all right?! At least not in this case!Kanao	Mmm…Gotou	Kiyo! Sumi! Naho! Aoi! Tanjirou woke up from his coma!![Action: Kiyo, Sumi, and Naho enter Tanjirou’s room and sob.]Kiyo, Sumi, NahoWahhh! Wahhh!Kiyo	Thank goodness you’re okay!Tanjirou	Hehehe…Sumi	You can have my sweet bean bread!Naho	There’s castella on the bed!Gotou	Geez.[Action: Aoi runs through the halls with a sheet over her body.]Aoi	Ngh…[Action: Aoi bursts through the door.]Kiyo	Ahh! Oh my gosh, it’s a ghost!![Action: Aoi takes off the sheet.]Aoi	Gah!Naho	Oh, it’s just Aoi tangled up in the laundry!Aoi	Thank goodness you woke up! You went in my place! You guys… Wahhh!Tanjirou	Thank you. What about the others? Are they all right?Gotou	The kid with the yellow hair… Was it the day before yesterday?Sumi	Yes!Gotou	He’s back to work. I hear he’s already out on a mission… against his will.Sumi	Zenitsu woke up the next day.Gotou	The Sound Hashira walked out with his wives’ help.Uzui	(Flashback) Man, ow! So annoying!Gotou	The Kakushi all recoiled at the sight. Too tough to believe.Kakushi	(Flashback) Wow…Gotou	I mean, they were reeling.Uzui	(Flashback) Hey Come on, now!Kakushi	(Flashback) So scary!(Flashback) He’s standing on his own!Uzui	(Flashback) We’re heading home! Come on!Kakushi	(Flashback) It’s scary!(Flashback) It’s insane, huh? With those injuries?Tanjirou	I see… What about Inosuke?Sumi	Inosuke was also on the brink of death at one point.Aoi	Inosuke was in such terrible shape! Because of all the poison in his body, he couldn’t stop the bleeding with his breathing in time!Tanjirou	I see… So I must be hallucinating Inosuke stuck on the ceiling above me.[Action: Kanao, Gotou, Sumi, and Aoi turn to see Inosuke stuck to the ceiling.]Gotou, Sumi	Ahhh!Gotou	How are you doing that?!Inosuke	Wahahaha! Good on you for noticing me, Tanpachirou!Tanjirou	Well… I am lying face-up…[Action: Inosuke jumps down from the ceiling and lands on Tanjirou’s bed.]Kiyo, Sumi, NahoAhhh!Inosuke	Erk!I’m the guy who woke up seven days before you did!Tanjirou	I’m so glad… Inosuke. You’re amazing.Inosuke	Fufufufu… Keep heaping on the praise! And you! You’re a weakling! Shame on you for making us all worry!Naho	It’s you who’s not normal, Inosuke! Lady Shinobu said as much herself, remember?[Action: Kiyo brings out a book.]Kiyo	Oh, wait, Tanjirou! Please take a look at this book!Tanjirou	Huh?Kiyo	This is a weasel from a foreign country called a honey badger! It has a thick hide-like armor! Even getting bitten by a lion can’t hurt it!Tanjirou	It’s so cute.Kiyo	Since it’s poison-proof, it’ll just eat up poisonous snakes, too!Kanao	Wow…Kiyo	Lady Shinobu said that Inosuke is just like this honey badger!Inosuke	Fufu…Gotou	Lady Kochou makes some irresponsible comments, huh.Inosuke	Huh?Aoi	Maybe she just got tired of thinking about him?Hey… Come on! Get down from there!Inosuke	In other words, I’m immortal! Wahahaha!Gotou	In your dreams. Are you an idiot?[Action: Inosuke grabs Gotou’s face covering.]Inosuke	Who are you calling an idiot?! Huh?!Gotou	Ouch, ouch…Sumi	Ahh! Stop it, please!Aoi	Hey! Knock it off, will you?!Poison doesn’t have much effect on you, but neither does medicine, so you need to be careful like Lady Shinobu said!You forget so easily!Kanao	B-Be quiet…Inosuke	Shut up! Quit yanking at me, you shrimp!Aoi	What’s that? You’re not that much taller than me!Kiyo	Ahh…Kanao	Tanjirou is asleep, so please be quiet!Aoi, Kiyo, NahoOh…Inosuke	Oh, man! He went back into a coma!Aoi	Would you mind not saying ominous stuff like that?! Please just be quiet!Kiyo	Kanao? Let’s go cook some rice gruel.Kanao	Okay.Kiyo	Let’s hope he recovers soon so he can eat tons of food![Scene: Later that night. Tamayo’s cat sits outside on a tree branch. It thinks, “I’m glad… I thought he was going to die.”][Scene: In the morning. Tanjirou stands up and holds Kiyo in the air.]Kiyo	Ahh~!Tanjirou	Yay!Kiyo	It’s like I’m the wind!Sumi	Let me go next!Naho	Let me go next![Scene: Outside, in the yard of the Butterfly Mansion. Aoi hangs sheets to dry.]Aoi	(Narration) A week later, Tanjirou was back on his feet.(Narration) When we notified Gotou, who was away on an expedition, he was stunned by the speed of Tanjirou’s recovery.Gotou	(Flashback) Are you kidding me? Beasts, all of them! Aoi	(Narration) Soon afterward, Inosuke returned to duty. Inosuke	(Flashback) I’m the strongest of all!Sumi, Naho  (Flashback) Mmm…Kiyo	(Flashback) Grr!Inosuke	(Flashback) Heading out now!Zenitsu	(Flashback) No!! I’m so cold! I’m so scared! I’m going home! (Flashback) I’m lonely! No! Let me go! Tanjirou!Aoi	(Narration) Oh, yes. Zenitsu is still out on a mission far away, and the other Corps members say it’s like a nonstop racket.Zenitsu	(Imagination) Aoi! You just remembered me now!(Imagination) Do you miss me? You miss me, right? Of course you miss me, don’t you?!Aoi	(Imagination) Shut up!(Narration) As for Tanjirou, he’s been doing his rehabilitation training every day.Heh…[Scene: In the training room. Naho stretches out Tanjirou’s legs.]Tanjirou	Ouch, ouch, ouch…Naho	Mm…Tanjirou	Ngh… So frustrating! I’ve got a long way to go before I gain back my stamina!Naho	Mmm…Tanjirou	Hey, wait! Did a new sword come while I was asleep? To replace the one I chipped!Kiyo, Naho	Erk!Naho	A sword? A sword…Kiyo	You did get some letters from Mr. Haganezuka… Would you like to see them?[Action: Kiyo and Naho give Tanjirou his letters.]Haganezuka	“I have no sword for the likes of you!”Tanjirou	This is… really bad…Kiyo	It is, isn’t it?[Action: Kiyo, and Naho eat some snacks.]Sumi	Two months went by, but no sword ever arrived.Tanjirou	Mmm…And it was only chipped this time! I snapped it in two last time!Sumi	Mmm… Swords are always getting damaged, but Mr. Haganezuka just happens to be a bit difficult, doesn’t he?Kiyo	Why don’t you go to the village?Naho	Maybe it would be best to talk to him directly.Tanjirou	The village?Kiyo	The village where all the swordsmiths live.Tanjirou	Huh? I can go?[Scene: Outside the Butterfly Mansion. A Kakushi greets Tanjirou.]Kakushi	Nice to meet you. As the Master has granted approval, I shall be guiding you there.[Action: Tanjirou bows.]Tanjirou	Nice to meet you! I’m Tanjirou Kamado. Thank you for taking me!Kakushi	As your guide, I cannot tell you my name, but I look forward to serving you.Now then, put these on.Tanjirou	What are they?[Action: Tanjirou puts a blindfold on.]Kakushi	A blindfold and earplugs.The village is hidden. Also, I will be carrying you on my back.Tanjirou	Huh?Kakushi	Moreover, as you are known to have an acute sense of smell… take these nose plugs.[Action: The Kakushi plugs Tanjirou’s nose.]Tanjirou	Gah![Action: The Kakushi carries Tanjirou away on her back.]Kiyo, Sumi, NahoHave a safe journey![Scene: Somewhere outside the Butterfly Mansion. Several Kakushi carry Tanjirou along the route to the Swordsmith Village.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The Swordsmith Village, where Nichirin swords are forged, is an extremely vital place for the Demon Slayer Corps.(Thoughts) Its whereabouts must be kept secret to protect it from attacks.	That’s why nobody knows where the village is.(Thoughts) Needless to say, this lady doesn’t know where it is, either.Kakushi	I’ll leave him to you.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Meaning that after travelling a certain distance, I get passed to another Kakushi.Kakushi	Let’s go!Please leave it to me! I hate bugs.Reading is my hobby.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Not only that, but both routes and the Kakushi get changed up again and again.Kakushi	I’m craving eel!I want a girlfriend!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The Kakushi are guided to the next Kakushi by crows, but the crows do a lot of switching up, too.Please be careful on your way back!Kakushi	Haa… What a good kid.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m told that the mansion where the Master lives is hidden in an even more complex way. Seriously, smart people are incredible![Scene: In the late afternoon. Tanjirou finally arrives at the Swordsmith Village.]Kakushi	I’m going to remove this now.[Action: The Kakushi removes Tanjirou’s blindfold.]Tanjirou	Ahh… Wow…Wow, these buildings sure are amazing!Kakushi	Everyone who comes here says the same thing. Tanjirou	And this scent… There must be a hot spring nearby! Kakushi	Yes, you’re right about that!Please go there later to refresh yourself. But first things first, turn left at the end of this street, and you’ll find the chief’s home. Please go there to greet him before you do anything else.Tanjirou	Right!Kakushi	I’ll be taking my leave now, but I wish you the best.Tanjirou	Thank you very much![Action: Tanjirou’s voice echoes through the area. Kanroji hears it from the hot spring.]Kanroji	I just heard an echo of gratitude.Does that mean someone’s here? I think I feel my heart pounding! [Scene: At Tecchikawahara’s office. Tanjirou finds Tecchikawahara.]Tecchin	Hello there! I’m the chief of this village, Tecchin Tecchikawahara. Nice to meet you!The smallest person in the village… and the most important is me. Wel, why don’t you bow your head so low that your forehead touches the mat?[Action: Tanjirou bows and slams his forehead into the floor.]Tanjirou	Ngh!I’m Tanjirou Kamado! It’s a privilege to meet you!Tecchin	Well, what a fine boy. Come here. Have some sweets.Tanjirou	Thank you very much![Action: Tanjirou eats some snacks.]Tanjirou	These are delicious!Tecchin	Aren’t they?Oh, about Hotaru, at this time, he seems to have gone missing. We’re searching for him, too, so please be patient.Tanjirou	Hotaru?Tecchin	That’s right. Hotaru Haganzuka.Tanjirou	That’s such a cute name!Tecchin	Right? I’m the one who named him! But Hotaru himself said it was too cute and blasted me.Tanjirou	That’s sad.Tecchin	Haa… That boy’s been like this since he was a child. He loses his temper just like that and falls off the face of the earth. Sorry about that.Tanjirou	No, please! It’s my own fault for breaking my sword and chipping it so easily!Tecchin	No, you’re wrong about that.He’s the one who forged a faulty sword, so it’s all on him.Swordsmith	As soon as he’s found, we’ll apprehend him and bring him back here, so please rest assured.Tecchin	Right.Tanjirou	Uhh… You… aren’t gonna hurt him, right?Tecchin	I hear that you haven’t healed enough yet to hunt down demons. If Hotaru hasn’t forged another sword by then, I’ll assign someone else to be your swordsmith.Our hot spring can work wonders on a weakened body, so go have a good, long soak.[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou leaves Tecchikawahara’s office.]Swordsmith	I’ll show you the way.Tanjirou	I hope this won’t turn into an argument.[Action: A swordsmith guides Tanjirou through the village. They pass a couple of swordsmiths pounding at a bar of steel.]Swordsmith	There are foundries and workshops all over this village.Tanjirou	Wow…Swordsmith	That’s how all your swords are forged.Tanjirou	It’s thanks to you all that we can wield our swords, isn’t it? Thank you very much!Swordsmith	Oh, please. It’s our job, so no need to thank us.[Action: Tanjirou and the swordsmith arrive at the entrance to the hot spring.]Swordsmith	The hot spring is at the top of this hill. It has all kinds of healing properties. Cuts, burns, hemorrhoids, bleeding piles, constipation, everything from gout to the pain of a broken heart. It works on anything, so please treat yourself to a leisurely soak.Tanjirou	Right!Swordsmith	I’ll be down here preparing your meal.Tanjirou	Right! Thank you so much!Kanroji	Ahhh!Tanjirou, SwordsmithHuh?[Action: Kanroji comes running down from the hot spring.]Kanroji	Ahhh! It’s you, Tanjirou! Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Ah! Watch out!Please be careful! Your breasts are this close to spilling out![Action: Tanjirou runs up to Kanroji and pulls her overcoat around her chest.]Kanroji	Ahhh!Tanjirou	Ngh…Kanroji	Listen to me! Listen, will you?[Action: Kanroji spins around in a circle, taking Tanjirou with her.]Tanjirou	Gah… Watch out!Erk…[Action: Tanjirou lets go of Kanroji’s overcoat.]Kanroji	Wahhh! Just now, up there, I got ignored! I said hello, but he ignored me!Tanjirou	Who ignored you?Kanroji	I don’t know!So I asked his name, only to be ignored! Isn’t that awful? I’m a Hashira, you know?! And now all the good vibes I got from my bath have been cancelled out!Tanjirou	I hear dinner will be ready soon. It’s supposed to be matsutake rice!Kanroji	What?! For real?[Action: Kanroji runs back up toward the hot spring.]Kanroji	? Dinner tonight is matsutake rice! Tanjirou	(Thoughts) So she’s a hearty eater. [Action: Tanjirou heads up to the hot spring.]Tanjirou	Wow! It’s so spacious![Action: A tooth is flung at Tanjirou’s head.]Tanjirou	Ouch… Hm?[Action: Tanjirou opens his hand and finds a bloody tooth.]Tanjirou	A front tooth? Did somebody drop a tooth?Ah…[Action: Genya sits in the hot spring and picks at his teeth.]Genya	Guh… Ngh…Tanjirou	Ah… That mohawk-style haircut…Right, the name I heard from Sumi… Genya Shinazugawa!Genya	Ah… Die!Tanjirou	Huh?![Action: Tanjirou puts Nezuko’s box down and strips.]Tanjirou	Hmph! Ngh![Action: Tanjirou jumps into the water.]Genya	Huh?Tanjirou	Long time no see! How’ve you been? I meant to ask. Are you and the Wind Hashira related?!Genya	Grr![Action: Genya pushes Tanjirou’s head under the water.]Tanjirou	Mmph…Genya	Stop talking to me, dammit![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou sits in the hot spring by himself.]Tanjirou	And here I thought we could bond in our nakedness… Making new friends sure is tough.Nezuko	Mmm~…[Scene: Later that night. Tanjirou and Kanroji sit down for dinner.]Tanjirou	Wow, that’s impressive!Kanroji	You think so? I really only nibbled today.Tanjirou	I’m going to eat plenty, too, so I can get strong!Oh, I almost forgot. The guy you met at the hot spring was Genya Shinazugawa, who was my fellow swordsman.Kanroji	Huh? Is that so?Nezuko	Mm… Mm?Kanroji	That would make him Mr. Shinazugawa’s younger brother, right? But Mr. Shinazugawa said he didn’t have a younger brother. I wonder if they’re on bad terms. That’s just heart- wrenching.Tanjirou	Is that right? I wonder why.Nezuko	Mm…[Action: Nezuko comes out from under the table and crawls toward Kanroji.]Nezuko	Mm, mm…Kanroji	Hm? What is it, Nezuko?[Action: Kanroji tickles Nezuko.]Nezuko	Mmm~!Kanroji	There, there!There are five of us siblings in my family, and we all get along, so it’s hard for me to fathom. I thought, “Those Shinazugawa brothers are scary!”Tanjirou	Genya still hasn’t shown up. I was hoping we could at least have a talk.Nezuko	Mm…Kanroji	I don’t think he’s coming. I heard the villagers saying that he never takes meals. I wonder if he brought something with him.Tanjirou	I wonder if he’s all right. I’ll bring him some rice balls later.Kanroji	Good idea! Let’s do that![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou carries a tray of tea and rice balls. Kanroji walks with Nezuko.]Kanroji	Nezuko, Nezuko!Nezuko	Mm?Kanroji	You know what? The sight of these rice balls is making me hungry again! Don’t tell anyone, okay?Nezuko	Mmm…Tanjirou	Why did you join the Demon Slayer Corps, Ms. Kanroji?Kanroji	Hm? Me?This is embarrassing! Oh dear, what should I do? You want to hear? Well, it’s… to find the gentleman with whom I’ll be spending eternity!Tanjirou	Huh?Kanroji	I mean, any girl would prefer someone stronger than herself, right?Because we want to be protected! Do you know what I mean? Or maybe it’s hard for a boy to understand!Tanjirou	Huh…?Kanroji	See, Hashira are powerful, right? But it’s not like you can just meet up with one!Tanjirou	Huh…?!Kanroji	So I knew I’d have to become a Hashira myself!Tanjirou	Gahh…Kanroji	And I worked really hard![Action: Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Kanroji arrive at Genya’s room.]Kanroji	Genya doesn’t seem to be here.Kakushi	Lady Kanroji?Kanroji	Hm?Tanjirou	Hm?Kakushi	They’ll be done honing your sword soon. We’d like you to come to the workshop to make some final adjustments.Kanroji	Oh my, it looks like I have to go now.Tanjirou	Please don’t mind us. I’ll be happy to walk you over.Kanroji	That’s all right. I’ll probably be leaving in the middle of the night.Nezuko	Mm, mm…Tanjirou	Oh, but… I see, then… Mmm…Kanroji	Tanjirou… We might not live to see each other again, but let’s fight the good fight!You took on an Upper Rank demon and survived. That kind of experience is priceless!Nothing can ever top what you’ve learned from firsthand experience. It’s equal to five years, no, ten years of hard training![Action: Kanroji strokes Nezuko’s head.]Kanroji	Right now, Tanjirou, you’re far stronger than you ever were before!Nezuko	Mm?Kanroji	Mitsuri Kanroji is rooting for the Kamado siblings! Hehehe!Tanjirou	Ahh…Nezuko	Mm~!Tanjirou	Thank you very much!Nezuko	Mm~!Tanjirou	But I’ve still got a long ways to go. Mr. Uzui just let me win, that’s all.I’ll work even harder… to defeat Muzan Kibutsuji!Nezuko	Mm~…Kanroji	Oh~!Kakushi	My…Kanroji	Tanjirou, you’ve been granted permission for a long stay, right?Tanjirou	Uh, yes, that’s what I’ve been told.[Action: Kanroji gets close to Tanjirou and speaks quietly.]Kanroji	They say there’s a secret weapon in this village that will make you stronger. Try to find it, okay?[Action: Kanroji goes back to the Kakushi.]Kanroji	Bye now![Action: Nezuko waves goodbye.]Tanjirou	Ah…Nezuko	Mm, mm…[Action: Tanjirou’s nose bleeds heavily.]Tanjirou	Grahhh!Nezuko	Mm?![Scene: The next morning. Tanjirou focuses on his breathing while sitting outside. He sniffs the air.]Tanjirou	Heh…[Scene: Back inside the lodge. Tanjirou sits down for breakfast.]Tanjirou	Wow!You’re starting me off with a feast this morning!Swordsmith	These wild vegetables were all picked on the mountainside here. And the fish was caught fresh from the river this morning.Tanjirou	Really?Swordsmith	The chief sent word that he’ll be contacting you as soon as they’ve found Mr. Haganezuka. Until then, please build back your stamina and get some rest.Tanjirou	Right! Thank you so much![Action: Tanjirou claps his hands together.]Tanjirou	Thank you for this meal![Action: The swordsmith leaves. Nezuko comes out from her box.]Nezuko	Mm… Mm…[Action: Nezuko crawls under the table.]Tanjirou	Hey, listen, Nezuko…Nezuko	Mmm?Tanjirou	… I know I have to rest up, but while I’m waiting for Mr. Haganezuka, I wanna look for the secret weapon that’ll make you stronger, the one Ms. Kanroji told me about. Wanna come with me?Nezuko	Mm![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou explores the village.]Tanjirou	I wonder what kind of weapon it is.Nezuko	Mmm…Tanjirou	It has to be a sword, right? You think it’s buried in the ground, maybe? Isn’t this exciting, like a treasure hunt?Erk…[Action: Tanjirou covers his nose.]Tanjirou	I really like it here, but that hot spring smell is so overpowering.Mmm… I guess not being at full strength is affecting my sense of smell.[Action: Some distance away, Tokitou and Kotetsu argue.]Kotetsu	Quit pestering me! Give it a rest!Tanjirou	Hm?Tokitou	I’ve had enough of you holding out on me. You’re wasting my time, arguing with me.Tanjirou	A kid? And the other one is…Kotetsu	Which part of “no” don’t you get? Get lost!Tanjirou	Huh? That’s a Hashira.Kotetsu	Why should I have to hand it over to you?!Tanjirou	What did Ms. Shinobu say his name was?Kotetsu	I don’t care if you’re a Hashira or whatever! You’re too full of yourself!Tanjirou	Oh, right!Kotetsu	Just get out of my sight!Tanjirou	The Mist Hashira, Muichirou Tokitou!So there’s another Hashira here at the village.Tokitou	Give me the key.Kotetsu	I’m not handing it over! My ancestor made this, and it’s precious to me!Tanjirou	Huh? Wait, is there someone else behind them?[Action: Tanjirou steps out from around a tree.]Kotetsu	I said I’m not giving it to you![Action: Tanjirou sees someone that looks like Yoriichi behind Kotetsu.]Tanjirou	Ah… Is that… a person? Who could it be?Ah!(Thoughts) I know him. I’ve… seen that man before!  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.02Title: Yoriichi Type ZeroCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Muichirou Tokitou, Kotetsu, Hotaru Haganezuka, Tokitou’s crow (Crow)Japanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the Swordsmith Village. Kotetsu argues with Tokitou. Something that looks like Yoriichi stands behind Kotetsu.]Kotetsu	Get lost, will you?! I’m not giving you that key, no matter what! And don’t think I’m ever going to show you how to use it!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s going on? Are those two fighting?(Thoughts) What should I do? It’s bad manners to eavesdrop! But if they’re fighting, I should try to mediate…Ah…[Action: Tokitou slaps Kotetsu across the face.]Kotetsu	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tokitou picks Kotetsu up by his collar.]Kotetsu	Ngh… Ugh…Tanjirou	Cut it out!Kotetsu	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou runs up to Tokitou and Kotetsu. He grabs Tokitou’s wrist.]Tanjirou	What do you think you’re doing?! Take your hands off him!Tokitou	Your voice is very annoying. Who are you?Tanjirou	How could you do that to a little kid? Take your hands… Ngh! (Thoughts) He’s not even budging!(Thoughts) He’s got thinner arms than me, and he’s not even that big!Tokitou	You take your hands off me.[Action: Tokitou elbows Tanjirou in the stomach.]Tanjirou	Gah!Ugh…[Action: Tanjirou falls to the ground.]Tokitou	You’re quite weak.Tanjirou	Guh…Tokitou	It’s a wonder you got into the Demon Slayer Corps.Huh?I’m getting a strange vibe from that box. A demon’s presence, perhaps?What’s inside? That box there…[Action: Tokitou reaches out toward Tanjirou, but Tanjirou slaps his hand away.]Tanjirou	Grr…Tokitou	Ah…Tanjirou	Don’t you dare touch it![Scene: In the Swordsmith Village. Tokitou looks at his hand.]Tokitou	Ahh… Huh?[Action: Tokitou finds that he’s only holding Kotetsu’s coat. Tanjirou holds Kotetsu’s shoulders.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) He took him.Tanjirou	Are you all right?Kotetsu	L-Let go of me!Tanjirou	You must be dizzy. That’s dangerous!Kotetsu	Get out of here![Action: Kotetsu turns away from Tanjirou.]Kotetsu	I’m not… I’m not giving that key to anyone! Not even if you torture me! One more time, and it’s going to break down!Tokitou	Have you been through torture training?Tanjirou, KotetsuAh…Tokitou	Even most grown-ups can’t take it. You’d never last. I can see that you’re stupid beyond belief.So what if it breaks down? Just make another one. How many people do you think will perish while you drone on and on about trivial matters?Kotetsu	Ah…Tanjirou	Ah…Tokitou	That’s what it means to obstruct a Hashira in his duty. A Hashira’s time is worth far more than time spent by you people. If you think a little, you’ll eventually get that, won’t you?Kotetsu	Ngh…Tokitou	Swordsmiths can’t fight.Kotetsu	Grr…Tokitou	You can’t save lives.Kotetsu	Ngh…Tokitou	Making weapons is all you’re good for.Kotetsu	Ngh…Tanjirou	Grr…Tokitou	Come on. The key. Remember your place whenever you take action. You’re not a baby anymore.[Action: Tanjirou slaps Tokitou’s hand.]Kotetsu	Ah…Tokitou	What are you doing?Tanjirou	I just… I don’t know why, but… I can’t stand you! What is it? Tact, maybe? You have no tact, and you’re cruel!Tokitou	You think this is cruel? You…Tanjirou	You’re not wrong! I admit that what you’re saying is mostly true, and it’s probably not wrong! But being a swordsmith is an important, vital job![Action: Haganezuka watches from behind a tree.]Tanjirou	Swordsmiths have amazing skills that are totally different from ours! The fact is that if we didn’t have them to forge our swords, we couldn’t do anything, could we?Swordsmen and swordsmiths need each other! We’re all fighting the same battle! Day in and day out, each in our own way, we’re fighting --Tokitou	Sorry… but I don’t have time to stand here listening to your boring speech.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tokitou strikes Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Guh![Action: Tanjirou is knocked out.][Scene: Sometime later. Kotetsu worries about the situation.]Kotetsu	What should I do? Can I carry him down by myself? Haganezuka	No, I’ll carry him, as long as he doesn’t come to soon. Tanjirou	Ngh…Haganezuka	Huh? His eyelids are twitching! He’s about to wake up!See you![Action: Haganezuka runs off.]Kotetsu	Huh? Hey![Action: Tanjirou opens his eyes quickly and sits up immediately.]Kotetsu	Ah… Are you okay? You shouldn’t get up so fast.Tanjirou	Was Mr. Haganezuka here?!Kotetsu	Huh?!Tanjirou	Wasn’t he here just now?Kotetsu	Uh, no, he wasn’t here! Haha~!Tanjirou	I see. So I was just imagining things.Ah… Where’s that Hashira?Kotetsu	I handed over the key, so he took off.Tanjirou	So you handed it over, huh? I know you didn’t seem to have a choice. Well, since I don’t know what’s going on, I shouldn’t be making a fuss about it.Kotetsu	Oh no, don’t say that!It made me happy. I’m a stranger to you, but you stood up for me. Thank you very much!Tanjirou	No, I wasn’t that much help!Where’s that man or whatever who was standing here?Kotetsu	That was a mechanical doll.Tanjirou	Mechanical doll?Kotetsu	That guy just took it away with him. He needed the key to make the doll move.Tanjirou	So it’s really important to you, huh?Kotetsu	Mm…Tanjirou	But what would a Hashira want with it?Kotetsu	That one’s special.That mechanical doll can overpower a human, and it’s capable of 108 moves. It can be used to train for combat.Tanjirou	So that’s why…Kotetsu	But… now it’s…Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: A sword strike can be heard through the area.]Tanjirou, KotetsuAh!Kotetsu	Ngh…Tanjirou	What was that?Kotetsu	That guy must’ve already…This way![Action: Kotetsu gets up and runs. Tanjirou follows after him. Tokitou trains with the mechanical doll but can’t destroy it.]Tanjirou	Against a Hashira… Wow!Kotetsu	That’s the mechanical doll built by my ancestors, Yoriichi Type Zero.Tanjirou	But… why does he have six arms?Kotetsu	His arms? According to my father, that doll was modeled on an actually swordsman, but his moves couldn’t be replicated unless they gave it six arms.Tanjirou	Ahh…(Thoughts) That face… It somehow seems familiar, but I’m not sure.That swordsman… Who was he? What did he do and where?Kotetsu	Uh, sorry, but I don’t know too much about him, either. He was from the Sengoku Period.Tanjirou	S-Sengoku? You mean he lived more than 300 years ago?Kotetsu	That’s what I was told.Tanjirou	That doll has never broken down in all that time?Kotetsu	The technology’s so mind-blowing that we can’t catch up to it today.If it were to break down, there’d be no fixing it.Tanjirou	Ah…Kotetsu	My father passed away suddenly, and I have no brothers or sisters. I’m the one who’s supposed to step up now, but since I’m no good with swords or mechanical dolls…Tanjirou	So that’s why you were so… Right, I get it.That guy’s incredible. He’s only around my age… but he’s a Hashira, and he’s so talented.Crow	Well, what did you expect?Tanjirou, KotetsuHuh?Crow	After all, he’s a descendant of the wielder of the Sun Breathing technique!That boy is a prodigy! He’s in a different league than the likes of you! Hohoho~!Tanjirou	Are you Tokitou’s crow? The first breathing style, Sun Breathing? So he’s really that amazing…Crow	Fufu…Tanjirou	But that’s not Sun Breathing that he’s using now, is it?Crow	Ah![Action: Tokitou’s crow bites Tanjirou’s cheek.]Tanjirou	Ahhh!Crow	You shut your mouth, or I’ll gouge out your eyes!Tanjirou	Ah… Hey, I remember now! That dream! I saw that man in a dream!Crow	Huh?! Are you an idiot or what?! Have you been to this village before? That’s so preposterous, you make me laugh!Tanjirou	Grr…Crow	You mean you’ve met a warrior from the Sengoku Period? How old are you, exactly?Hah!Tanjirou	Listen, I’m sorry. There’s something wrong with me, right?Kotetsu	No, no!Maybe it’s an inherited memory?People talk about it all the time in our village. It isn’t just your physical form that gets passed on. Living creatures pass on their memories, too.Tanjirou	Huh?Kotetsu	What you saw in your dream must’ve been your ancestor’s memory!Crow	Preposterous! Preposterous! Tanjirou	That’s so kind of you! Thanks! Crow	Blegh!Tanjirou	I’m Tanjirou. What’s your name?Kotetsu	I’m Kotetsu. Don’t pay any attention to that mean female crow.Crow	Gah![Action: Tokitou manages to hit the Yoriichi mechanical doll.]Kotetsu	Ah…Tanjirou	Ah…Ah… His armor!Kotetsu	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Kotetsu turns and runs.]Tanjirou	Ah… Kotetsu![Scene: In the forests of the Swordsmith Village. Tanjirou looks for Kotetsu.]Tanjirou	Kotetsu! Kotetsu! I’m going to find you! I’ve got a great sense of smell!Even if it’s not in good shape right now.I think he went this way…[Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air.]Tanjirou	Hm?[Action: Tanjirou looks up to see Kotetsu in a tree.]Tanjirou	Kotetsu! Could you have climbed any higher, Kotetsu?If there’s anything I can do, I’ll help you out. You can’t give up on your doll! You have a future ahead of you!Kotetsu	Ah…Tanjirou	You have to try hard now for your future self… ten, twenty years from now! Someday, you’ll be able to do what you can’t do now!Kotetsu	No, I won’t! I don’t need anyone to tell me that I’m a loser! It’s all going to end with my generation! All because of me!Ah…[Action: Kotetsu turns to see Tanjirou in the tree with him.]Kotetsu	Huh?[Action: Tanjirou flicks Kotetsu’s chin with his fingers.]Kotetsu	Ouch!Tanjirou	You can’t give up and stop caring. I wish you wouldn’t talk about yourself that way.Kotetsu	(Thoughts) He came without making a sound. That’s what a swordsman can do.Tanjirou	Even if you can’t do it yourself, there’s always someone who will carry on for you. You have to do what you can so that it gets passed on.Even if it’s beyond you, maybe your kids or grandkids might find a way, right?Kotetsu	Ah…Tanjirou	I want to defeat Muzan Kibutsuji. I want to save my sister, who’s been turned into a demon. But I might die before I can fulfill my goals.Kotetsu	Ah…Tanjirou	But I have faith that someone will surely finish the job for me. Just like we were able to beat an Upper Rank demon with the lives that were connected for us, someday, for sure, the lives we’ve connected will bring down Kibutsuji!Kotetsu	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou grabs Kotetsu’s hand.]Kotetsu	Ah…Tanjirou	Let’s do our best together!Kotetsu	Ah… Mm…I didn’t want to see the doll break down, but my mind is made up now. The combat training should last until nightfall, so I’m going to brace myself to see it through to the end.Tanjirou	Ahh…![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou and Kotetsu walk through the forest.]Tanjirou	Oh? So you’re ten, Kotetsu?Kotetsu	Yeah.Tanjirou	My little brother is --[Action: Tokitou walks past Tanjirou and Kotetsu.]Tanjirou, KotetsuAh!Tanjirou	Huh? You’re done?Tokitou	I’m done. That was a good training session.Who are you again? Oh, right. My sword snapped, so…Tanjirou, KotetsuAh!Tokitou	… I’ll be taking this one with me.Kotetsu	Ah… Ngh![Action: Kotetsu runs off to find the mechanical doll.]Tanjirou	Kotetsu![Action: Tokitou throws his sword and sheath at Tanjirou’s head.]Tanjirou	Ah…Tokitou	Dispose of that one for me.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Not a whiff of malice. He must not be doing that on purpose. (Thoughts) But the thing is…[Action: Tokitou’s crow lands on Tokitou’s shoulder.]Crow	Hmph!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) … that crow is just oozing spite. She’s so condescending toward me.Ah! Kotetsu![Action: Rain begins to fall. Tanjirou runs to the clearing where Tokitou was practicing.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Kotetsu stands near the broken Yoriichi mechanical doll.]Tanjirou	Kotetsu… Let’s make sure. Let’s see if it still works or not.Kotetsu	Ah…Tanjirou	Mm.[Action: Tanjirou holds the mechanical doll up. Kotetsu winds the key, but the doll doesn’t move.]Kotetsu	Nothing. So it must be…[Action: The mechanical doll whirrs to life.]Tanjirou, KotetsuAh![Action: The mechanical doll readies for a fight.]Tanjirou	All right! It’s working, Kotetsu! That’s great…Kotetsu	Yes, it is, Tanjirou.I want you to train with this doll and become stronger than that indifferent little jerk, no matter what! And you will have my full support!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Huh? Does he mean right now?[Action: The Yoriichi mechanical doll launches forward.]Tanjirou	Ahhh!![Scene: Some time later. Tanjirou spars with the Yoriichi mechanical doll.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ugh!Ah![Action: The Yoriichi doll stabs its wooden clubs into the ground. Tanjirou rolls away.]Tanjirou	Ahhh! I’m gonna die! Six arms is too much!Kotetsu	There are only five arms! Since that jerk broke one off, it’s less functional now!Tanjirou, please become stronger! And this is what you’re going to say to him…“Is that all you’ve got, you scumbag?”Tanjirou	Huh?Kotetsu	“Your hair is too long! Get a haircut, seaweed head!”“Pissant! You’re ugly, and your legs are short!” “Commit harakiri! You shameless jerk!”Tanjirou	No! Kotetsu! That’s going a little too far! Kotetsu	Better to put his head on public display? Tanjirou	No! I can’t say those kinds of things!Kotetsu	You’re going to say them!Tanjirou	No!Kotetsu	Please say them! Please!Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: The mechanical doll runs toward Tanjirou and swings. Tanjirou dodges the attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Even without my saying so, Tokitou was incredible! Despite being smaller and younger than me.(Thoughts) I’ve got to train just as hard! I’ve got to become stronger, too![Action: The mechanical doll swings. Tanjirou blocks.]Tanjirou	Grr! Ngh…[Action: The mechanical doll strikes Tanjirou in the stomach and flies him back. Tanjirou falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	Urgh! Ugh… Urgh…Kotetsu	Tanjirou! If that’s enough to kill you, you’re pathetic! Keep working at it! I’m going to say it one more time! Look at me!Tanjirou	Ngh…Kotetsu	You’re moving out of habit, Tanjirou, all right?Tanjirou	Ah…Kotetsu	You’re not deciding how to move after observing your opponent’s moves. That’s why you’re no good! Do you understand?In other words, you don’t have the basics down! I’m really amazed you’ve managed to survive this long in the Demon Slayer Corps! You’re cutting it close with everything you do! Well, I’m here to denounce your ever weak point backward and forward! I’m not giving you any food until you can do everything I tell you to!Tanjirou	Ahh… Right…[Scene: Some days later. Tanjirou continues to train. He gets struck by the mechanical doll.]Tanjirou	Gahh!Kotetsu	Tanjirou, you’re too slow! Epic fail!If that doll wasn’t armed with practice sticks, you’d be dead! Get a hold of yourself!Tanjirou	Ngh…Kotetsu	This is day five! Starting tomorrow, I’m going to arm the doll with swords!Tanjirou	No, even the practice sticks could kill me! I’m going to die!Kotetsu	No food for you today, either!Tanjirou	(Narration) Ahh… The highly analytical Kotetsu!(Narration) But as a swordsmanship instructor, he was a total amateur. Since he had no idea about the limits of a human life, his training sessions were brutal! So tyrannical that he’d withhold food and water from you if you failed to meet his demands!(Narration) After three days or so without water, a human will seriously die.Kotetsu	Mmm!Tanjirou	(Narration) Pure tyranny born out of ignorance!(Narration) Though I was able to survive, thanks to some rainfall. Gahhh![Scene: Some days later. Tanjirou continues to train, now with real swords.]Tanjirou	(Narration) All through these ghastly training sessions, I went without water, food, or sleep.[Action: Tanjirou loses consciousness.]Tanjirou	Ahh…(Narration) I started to cross the River to the Afterlife.(Narration) I was walking across a bridge, feeling indescribably blissful, only to get dizzy from hunger and fall into the river.(Narration) It was dark in the water and heavy, but then it felt as though I were being massaged by some warm hands.(Narration) I saw something shiny when I glanced toward the bottom of the river, so when I went to get it, all while being massaged.(Narration) Strangely enough, I could smell this shimmering stone even underwater.[Action: Tanjirou grabs the stone in his dream and wakes up.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) What is this smell? It smells different from the opening thread. Ah!(Thoughts) Left side of the head! Neck! Right side of the chest! Left side! (Thoughts) Right thigh! Right shoulder!Ah…(Thoughts) Here it comes![Action: The mechanical doll swings. Tanjirou barely dodges the attack. As he turns, Tanjirou swings at the doll’s legs.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	Gahh…Kotetsu	You got one strike in, Tanjirou! Though it was so feeble that the doll didn’t even flinch!I’m going to give you some food!Tanjirou	Rice balls and pickled plums! And I want high-quality gyokuro tea![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou eats his first meal.]Tanjirou	Tasty!![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou gets back to training with the mechanical doll.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) All right… All right! I see how he’s going to move!(Thoughts) I can see it way better than before! I can keep up now that I have my stamina back!(Thoughts) Now, I can tell by the scent where he’s going to strike![Action: Tanjirou runs toward the mechanical doll.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can pick up this scent sooner than I can see the opening thread![Action: Tanjirou dodges the mechanical doll’s attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) All right. I’m going for it! One strike with all my might! (Thoughts) Ah… But what if it breaks?Kotetsu	Strike!Tanjirou	Ah…Kotetsu	I don’t care if it breaks! I’ll fix it, no matter what!Tanjirou	Ah!Kotetsu	(Thoughts) Tanjirou, you’re too nice!(Thoughts) You can’t hesitate now!(Thoughts) But that’s who you are, Tanjirou, and I don’t want you to die![Action: The mechanical doll cuts a bit of Tanjirou’s hair.]Kotetsu	(Thoughts) I want you… to become stronger than anyone else![Action: Tanjirou blocks the mechanical doll’s sword and snaps his borrowed sword.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou lands flat on his backside.]Tanjirou	Ouch!Kotetsu	Tanjirou! Are you okay?Tanjirou	Ow, ow, ow… S-Sorry, I broke the sword you lent me.Kotetsu	Don’t worry about that! It’s okay![Action: The mechanical doll’s neck shatters, and its head begins to fall.]Kotetsu	Huh?Tanjirou, KotetsuAh![Action: Tanjirou sees a sword sticking out of the doll’s neck.]Tanjirou	Something came out! K-Kotetsu! Something came out! What is that thing?!Kotetsu	Hey, hey! I have no idea, either![Action: The mechanical doll falls to its knees.]Tanjirou, KotetsuAh…Kotetsu	What could that be? At the very least, it’s a sword from over 300 years ago, right?Tanjirou	Ah…  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.03Title: A Sword from Over 300 Years AgoCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Genya Shinazugawa, Muichirou Tokitou, Hotaru Haganezuka, Kouzou Kanamori, Kotetsu, Gyokko, Hantengu, Sekido, Karaku, Aizetsu, Urogi, swordsmith, demonJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the Swordsmith Village. Tanjirou trains with the Yoriichi mechanical doll. He dodges an attack and blocks it with his sword.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: The mechanical doll breaks. Its head comes off, and it falls to its knees, revealing a sword in its body.]Tanjirou	Ahh…Kotetsu	What could that be? At the very least, it’s a sword from over 300 years ago, right?Tanjirou	It probably is. This is crazy, huh? What should we do?![Action: Tanjirou and Kotetsu breathe heavily.] Kotetsu	Can’t stop our hearts from pounding! Tanjirou	Yeah!Kotetsu	Tanjirou! You were at a loss because you couldn’t get a new sword forged, right? I’m thinking it would be all right if you took this sword!Tanjirou	No, no, no! That wouldn’t be right!Kotetsu	The steel they used in the Sengoku Period is the best quality ever!Tanjirou	No, no, I couldn’t!Kotetsu	But we only found it because you came here!Tanjirou	That’s because it already had a battle history stored inside, and I just happened to be there when it broke! So no!Kotetsu	Are you sure about that? Really?Tanjirou	Mmm…Kotetsu	Want to pull it out just to take a look?Tanjirou	Sure! I know I’d like to see it![Action: Tanjirou takes out the sword from the mechanical doll and prepares to draw it.]Tanjirou, KotetsuAhhh~…[Action: Tanjirou unsheathes the sword, finding that it’s rusted badly.]Tanjirou	It’s rusty.Kotetsu	Well, yeah. Of course it is. It’s been neglected for like 300 years, and no one knew about it.Err, sorry! I got you worked up for nothing.Tanjirou	It’s okay! I don’t mind, all right?[Action: Tanjirou weeps.]Kotetsu	Ahhh! Tanjirou! Tanjirou, my bad![Action: Tanjirou and Kotetsu hear a heavy footstep.]Tanjirou, KotetsuAh!Tanjirou	What was that?[Action: An extremely muscular Haganezuka stomps toward Tanjirou and Kotetsu.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Scene: In the Swordsmith Village. Haganezuka steps into the light.]Haganezuka	Grr…Tanjirou	Ahhh! Who’s that?! Mr. Haganezuka?! Haganezuka	I have heard your story. I’ll take it from here. Kotetsu	Take what from here?![Action: Haganezuka grabs the rusty sword. Tanjirou doesn’t let go.]Haganezuka	Ngh… Grr…Tanjirou	What do you think you’re doing?!Haganezuka	Leave it to me!Tanjirou	Ngh… Let go, please! Wait… Wh-Why are you trying to take off with it?[Action: Haganezuka begins to wrestle with Tanjirou and Kotetsu for the rusty sword.]Haganezuka	Just shut up and leave it to me!Tanjirou	You can’t just show up out of the blue and say, “Leave it to me!” That doesn’t make any sense!Haganezuka	You leave it to me! Tanjirou	No, this belongs to Kotetsu! Haganezuka	Leave it to me!Tanjirou	I came here to see you, Mr. Haganezuka! Where have you been?!Haganezuka	Erk…Leave it to me means leave it to me!Tanjirou	And I asked you what you meant by that! So explain that to us!Haganezuka	Which part of “leave it to me” don’t you get?![Action: Haganezuka wrenches the sword away from Tanjirou and Kotetsu.]Tanjirou, KotetsuAhhh!Tanjirou	What grown-up does that?!Kanamori	Listen, boys. Mr. Haganezuka’s weak spots are his sides. Go after him here.[Action: Kanamori tickles Haganezuka.] Kanamori	Tickle, tickle, tickle… Haganezuka	Hahahaha!Tanjirou	Ah, Mr. Kanamori… Long time no see.[Action: Haganezuka falls to the ground.]Kanamori	Oh, long time no see, Tanjirou. Mr. Haganezuka always goes limp for a while after being tickled, so I’ll do the explaining.[Action: Kotetsu tosses rocks at Haganezuka.]Kanamori	Please forgive Mr. Haganezuka. You see, he’s been hiding out in the mountains to train.Tanjirou	Training?Kanamori	That’s right. In order to forge you a stronger sword so that you won’t get killed.Tanjirou	Ohh…Kanamori	Not that he’d ever admit that himself.Tanjirou	For me?Kanamori  All this time, you’ve been asking Mr. Haganezuka for another sword, right? I’m sure it made him happy. After all, he’s always losing clients because most swordsmen can’t stand him.Tanjirou	Is that right?Kotetsu	He’s got zero social skills.Tanjirou	Huh?!Kotetsu	No wonder he still can’t find a bride.[Action: Haganezuka jumps straight into the air.]Haganezuka	Mmm~!Tanjirou	Ah!Kanamori	Oh, look, he’s revived.Haganezuka	I shall take this rusty sword into my care. And using the Nichirin sword polishing art of the Haganezuka family, I will surely restore it!Kotetsu	Then why didn’t you just say so from the start? Instead of “leave it to me, leave it to me” when you have zero trust built up? Haa… Oh, right, that’s the one thing you know.Haganezuka	What the hell was that?! Let’s hear you say that again![Action: Haganezuka grabs Kotetsu’s collar and lifts him into the air.]Kotetsu	I-I can’t breathe!Tanjirou	Ahhh!Kanamori	His sides! His sides! His sides!Tanjirou	Ahh!Kanamori	Go for his sides!Tanjirou	Ahh![Action: Tanjirou and Kanamori tickle Haganezuka.]Tanjirou, KanamoriTickle, tickle, tickle…[Action: Haganezuka falls limp again. Tanjirou and Kanamori breathe heavily. Haganezuka wakes up sometime later and takes the rusty sword.]Haganezuka	I’ll be taking this with me. In the meantime, use this sword.[Action: Haganezuka gives Tanjirou a sword.]Tanjirou	Ah… Ahh… Th-Thank you very much![Scene: At night, in the lodge, in Genya’s room. Tanjirou eats some snacks.]Tanjirou	So that’s what happened yesterday. They say it takes three days and three nights to polish a sword, so he’ll be done the day after tomorrow. That polishing art of his is so brutal that some people have even died, and that worries me.Genya	Grr…Tanjirou	He said not to look in, no matter what, but do you think it’s okay if I go? Genya	How should I know?! Get out of here! Stop talking to me like we’re friends! Tanjirou	Huh? But aren’t we friends?Genya	Not by a long shot!You broke my arm, remember? Don’t tell me you’ve forgotten!Tanjirou	That was totally your own fault for hitting a girl, Genya. I had no choice.Genya	Don’t call me by my first name![Action: Tanjirou offers a snack to Genya.]Tanjirou	These rice crackers are delicious! Want one?[Action: Genya breaks the snack in Tanjirou’s hand.]Genya	Damn you!No, I don’t want one! Get lost!Tanjirou	Huh? Didn’t you lose a tooth? A front tooth… at the hot spring?Genya	Ah…Tanjirou	Ahh…Genya	You must’ve been seeing things.Tanjirou	No, I wasn’t seeing things. I’ve got the tooth right here.[Action: Tanjirou shows the front tooth to Genya.]Genya	Why’d you pick it up?! You sure are creepy! Tanjirou	Well, but you dropped it, so I thought I’d return it. Genya	Are you out of your mind?! Toss that thing!Get out of my sight!Tanjirou	Ahh![Action: Genya kicks Tanjirou out of the room.]Tanjirou	Ahh…[Scene: In Tanjirou’s room. Tanjirou fixes Nezuko’s hair.]Nezuko	Mm, mm, mm~… Mm, mm, mm, mm~…Tanjirou	Like this, like that, then like this… Let’s see… And now I go like this…I wonder why Genya’s always so mad all the time. Could it be that he’s hungry?Nezuko	Fufufu…Tanjirou	Wanna ask Genya to breakfast tomorrow morning?Nezuko	Mmm~!Tanjirou	You like him, too, Nezuko?Nezuko	Mm, mm!Tanjirou	We’ve already soaked in the hot spring, so the next step is to eat together, I think.Nezuko	Mm~…Tanjirou	I’d like to get closer to Genya.Braiding sure is hard. Now you’ve got the same hairstyle as your idol, Ms. Kanroji!Nezuko	Mmm~!Fufufu… Fufufu…Tanjirou	Oh!Nezuko, the moon is so beautiful tonight!Nezuko	Mm~![Scene: Near the hot spring. A swordsmith walks back from a bath and hums.]Swordsmith	I might’ve soaked a little too long tonight. Never mind that I have another early morning tomorrow.[Action: The swordsmith sees Gyokko’s pot on the steps.]Swordsmith	Hm?A vase? I didn’t see anything like that on my way up just now. This is a hazard! Who would put a vase here?[Action: The swordsmith reaches out toward Gyokko’s pot and is pulled into it.]Swordsmith	Ah! Ngh… Ahh!Ngh… Ugh…[Action: The swordsmith’s body, now horribly mangled and distorted, is spit out of the pot. Gyokko emerges from the pot.]Gyokko	Horrible, horrible! I should’ve known that a mountain swordsmith’s flesh would be unfit for consumption!But that’s what makes it so appealing!But if I destroy this place, then those Demon Slayers… Oho! They’ll be undermined for sure!Hantengu	I must hurry… I must hurry!Thanks to Gyokko, we found the village… Ahh… But my lord is in a rage! Quickly, quickly!We must kill them all! All who stand up to my lord![Scene: At night, in the Swordsmith Village. Genya walks to a shed and looks around nervously.]Genya	Ngh…[Action: Genya enters the shed.]Genya	Old man? Are you done?You’re not here?[Action: Genya takes a sword from the table.]Genya	Brother… I have to do this.[Scene: In the lodge. Tanjirou sleeps soundly. Tokitou pinches his nose closed.]Tanjirou	Guh…Tokitou	Have you seen the swordsmith named Kanamori?Tanjirou	Woah! Tokitou? What’s wrong? What is it? Wait, first of all, did you just pinch my nose?Tokitou	I did pinch it. You took too long to react.Tanjirou	No, no, I would’ve sensed it if there’d been any animosity.Tokitou	Well, not that I’d pinch someone’s nose with animosity.Tanjirou	I do know Mr. Kanamori. What’s going on? My guess is he’s with Mr. Haganezuka.Tokitou	Kanamori’s my new swordsmith. Where’s Haganezuka?Tanjirou	Why don’t we go look for them together?Tokitou	Why do you care so much about other people? Isn’t there something that you need to do for yourself?Tanjirou	Whatever you do for others comes around to help you in the end, too. I was planning to go anyway, so the timing’s great!Tokitou	Ahh… Huh? What? What did you just say? Right now. Just now.Tanjirou	Huh? I said the timing’s great --[Action: Nezuko sits up and accidentally smacks Tanjirou’s chin.]Nezuko	Mm!Tanjirou	Ouch!Nezuko	Mm, mm, mm, mm…Tanjirou	You’re awake, huh, Nezuko? Ow…Nezuko	Mm! Mm, mm, mm…Tokitou	Ahh…Nezuko	Mm, mm… Mmm, mm!Tanjirou	Let’s go see Mr. Haganezuka together.Nezuko	Mm! Mm~!Tokitou	This girl is one really odd creature.Tanjirou	Huh?! Is she odd?Tokitou	Yes. She’s super odd.Let’s see. I can’t describe it. Have I met this girl before? Was she like that before, too? How should I put it?Nezuko	Mmm?Tanjirou	Hahaha… Hmm…Tokitou	Hmm…Nezuko	Mmm…Tanjirou	Hm? Is someone here?Tokitou	Seems like it.[Action: The door opens, revealing Hantengu.]Hantengu	Ngh… Err… Eeek…Tokitou	Ahh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Wh-What’s that? Is it a demon? (Thoughts) What’s a demon doing here?(Thoughts) I didn’t notice him until I actually saw him!(Thoughts) No question, this demon is an Upper Rank![Action: Tokitou draws his sword.]Tokitou	Mist Breathing… Fourth Form… Shifting Flow Slash.[Action: Tokitou attacks, but Hantengu dodges the attack.]Hantengu	Gahh!Eeek!Tokitou	(Thoughts) So quick. I couldn’t take him out.Hantengu	Please stop! Please stop tormenting me! It hurts!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Don’t lose your nerve! This is a demon who’s murdered tons of people!Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to dodge a Hashira’s attack![Action: Tanjirou draws his sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura… Sunflower Thrust![Action: Tanjirou attacks Hantengu. Nezuko begins to change. Hantengu falls to the floor.]Hantengu	Eek…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Did I get him?(Thoughts) Why isn’t he fighting back? He’s not an Upper Rank?Nezuko	Grr! Ngh![Action: Nezuko kicks Hantengu in the stomach.]Hantengu	Guh… Gahh!Tanjirou	Nezuko! Don’t transform! You’ll go into full demon form, so stop![Action: Tokitou launches forward and cuts Hantengu’s head off.]Hantengu	Gah… Gahh!Eeek… I’ve been slashed!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He slashed off his head! So fast! But Upper Ranks don’t always die even if you behead them!Tokitou! Don’t let your guard down![Action: Hantengu’s head and body regrow into full bodies.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He split into two! One grew a head while the other gained a body! (Thoughts) I’ll take the one in the back! If we can slash them at the same time…[Action: Karaku waves a fan at Tokitou, sending him flying out of the lodge. Tanjirou nearly flies out, but Nezuko grabs his wrist.]Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	Nezuko!Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Tokitou!Karaku	Hahaha! This is fun! That peanut sure went flying! Right, Sekido?Sekido	There’s nothing fun about this! All I’m feeling is rage! Karaku! This also goes for being lumped in with you!Karaku	Is that right? Well, good thing we got separated, then!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Again… Are we going to have to behead these two at once?Sekido	Grr… Ngh![Action: Sekido stabs his staff into the ground, sending electricity flying.]Tanjirou	Gah!(Thoughts) What… is this? (Thoughts) That staff…(Thoughts) This is bad… I’m about to… lose consciousness!(Thoughts) Someone’s… on the roof?[Action: Genya stands poised to shoot a gun.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Genya…[Action: Genya shoots his gun twice.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Genya’s bullets strike Karaku and Sekido in the neck, beheading them both instantly.]Sekido	Ngh!Karaku	Gah!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What is that weapon? A gun? It has the same scent as a Nichirin sword![Action: Genya reloads his gun.]Genya	So I missed one of them.[Action: Genya draws his sword.]Genya	Ngh…Karaku	Ohh~! Well, isn’t this fun and entertaining! I’ve never been hit with an attack that felt like that!Genya	Ngh…Tanjirou	It’s no good, Genya! No matter how powerful your weapon is, this demon…[Action: Genya cuts off Karaku’s head fully.]Genya	Ngh!Tanjirou	… can’t be defeated! If you slash it, it’s only going to split into that many more demons! It gets younger! It gets stronger! It’s making us behead them on purpose!Karaku	Hehe…[Action: Karaku’s body regenerates.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This demon doesn’t care about being decapitated, meaning that its vital spot isn’t in its head!(Thoughts) It’s splitting into four. It’s regenerating fast!(Thoughts) Is there a pattern here? Which part will heal up first? There’s got to be a vital spot!(Thoughts) Find it! Figure it out! (Thoughts) What is it?(Thoughts) Huh? I thought it split up into four demons![Action: Urogi grabs Tanjirou and lifts him into the air. Nezuko reaches toward Tanjirou but can’t grab him.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Nezuko	Ngh!Urogi	Hahahaha! This makes my heart sing!Nezuko	Ngh!Urogi	It’s been so long since I was last split off!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This demon can fly! All four of them have different powers!Nezuko! Don’t worry about me! I want you to help Genya… Ah![Action: Tanjirou sees that Aizetsu has speared Genya in the chest.]Genya	Guh…Aizetsu	You’re so weak, it’s sad.Genya	Gah… Ahh…[Action: Aizetsu lifts Genya onto the spear.]Genya	Gah!Tanjirou	Genya!!Nezuko, save him! Save Genya! Please! Hurry!Nezuko	Ngh!Urogi	Worrying about someone else? How confident we are!Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Urogi prepares to attack.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura![Action: Urogi attacks Tanjirou with a sonic shriek.]Tanjirou	Gahh…Urogi	Fufu… Not bad. This is quite delightful!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Grab onto a branch! A branch!Ngh… Gah![Action: Tanjirou grabs onto a branch, but it breaks. He flips off another branch and hits the ground. His ears ring.]Tanjirou	Ugh! Ngh… Ugh…(Thoughts) Get up right now! Get on your feet!(Thoughts) The villagers are in danger, too! I have to protect them! Dammit! My body’s numb! I can’t hear, either!Ngh… Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees that Urogi has grabbed his leg again.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Urogi prepares to attack again.][Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Tokitou runs back toward the fight.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) I got blasted quite far. I’ve got to get back as soon as I can.[Action: Tokitou sees Kotetsu trying to fight off a demon.]Kotetsu	Ahh! Ahh…Demon	Grrr…Tokitou	(Thoughts) A demon and a child.(Thoughts) As a swordsmith, the child is still unseasoned. Saving him is a low priority.(Thoughts) Judging by its presence, that’s not the main body but something generated by a spell.Demon	Grr! Grr!Kotetsu	Ahh!Ahhh…Demon	Grr… Grr…Tokitou	(Thoughts) There’s no reason to stop now. If the entire village is under attack, the village chief comes first, then those with greater skills and talents are my top priority to protect.Kotetsu	Ah…Demon	Grr… Grr!Kotetsu	Ugh!Tokitou	(Thoughts) My job right now is to destroy that Upper Rank demon and protect the village.[Action: The demon prepares to eat Kotetsu.]Kotetsu	Gahh!Tokitou	(Thoughts) Saving an inexperienced, budding swordsmith isn’t going to… Tanjirou	(Flashback) Whatever you do for others comes around to help you in the end, too. Tokitou	Ah…Kotetsu	Ngh… Urgh… Guh…[Action: The demon prepares to eat Kotetsu, but Tokitou cuts its arm off.]Demon	Gahh! Grr… Grr!Kotetsu	Ugh! Ngh…[Action: Tokitou stands in front of Kotetsu.]Tokitou	Run.Kotetsu	You…Tokitou	You’re in my way, so just run.  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.04Title: Thank You, TokitoCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Genya Shinazugawa, Muichirou Tokitou, Mitsuri Kanroji, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Kotetsu, Hantengu, Sekido, Karaku, Aizetsu, Urogi, swordsmith, demons, crowJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the forest around the Swordsmith Village. Tokitou runs back toward the fight but sees Kotetsu running from a demon.]Kotetsu	Ah! Ah… Ngh…Ah… Ahh…Demon	Grr, grr![Action: Tokitou continues to run by as Kotetsu struggles.]Kotetsu	Ah… Ahh!Demon	Grr… Grr!Kotetsu	Ugh! Ngh…Tanjirou	(Flashback) Whatever you do for others comes around to help you in the end, too.Tokitou	Ah…Kotetsu	Ugh…[Action: The demon prepares to eat Kotetsu, but Tokitou cuts its arm off.]Demon	Gahh! Grr… Grr!Kotetsu	Ngh! Urgh…[Action: Tokitou stands in front of Kotetsu.]Tokitou	Run.Kotetsu	You…Tokitou	You’re getting in the way, so just run.Demon	Grr, grr!Grr, grr, grr…Kotetsu	Ah![Action: Kotetsu runs away.]Demon	Urahhh! Urahh![Action: The demon leaps toward Tokitou, but he beheads it in one sting.]Demon	Grr! Grr…Kotetsu	Ah…Demon	Urah… Urah, urah…[Scene: In the forests around the Swordsmith Village. The demon turns toward Tokitou and regrows its head.]Demon	Grrrr… Grr…Tokitou	(Thoughts) I sliced off what I thought was its head, but rather than disintegrate, its body is regenerating.(Thoughts) So that must be it.Demon	Urahh![Action: Tokitou jumps and slices the pot on the demon.]Demon	Urahhh![Action: The demon falls and disintegrates.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) It was getting its power from that vase. So it’s definitely a product of a Blood Demon Art.[Action: Kotetsu comes out of the bushes and runs toward Tokitou.]Tokitou	Ah…[Action: Kotetsu clings to Tokitou and cries.]Kotetsu	Wahhh! Thank you!I thought I was a goner! I thought I was dead! I was so scared! Wahhh! I shouldn’t have called you “seaweed head”! I’m so sorry!Tokitou	You called me “seaweed head”?Kotetsu	Ah…Wahhh! Sorry! I didn’t like you!Tokitou	I don’t have time for this. I’m leaving now, so do whatever you want.[Action: Tokitou prepares to leave.]Kotetsu	Ah… Wait! They attacked Mr. Kanamori, too! When I went to help him out, that monster assaulted me![Action: Kotetsu runs in front of Tokitou.]Kotetsu	Mr. Haganezuka’s been working nonstop without sleep to restore a sword, so if he stops even for a second, that’ll be the end of it! Please…[Action: Kotetsu bows to Tokitou.]Kotetsu	… save him!Please!Tokitou	No… I…Kagaya	(Flashback) You’ll be able to find yourself again for sure… Muichirou.Tokitou	Ah…Kagaya	(Flashback) I know you must be confused, but for now, just focus on living, nothing more.(Flashback) As long as you’re alive, things will work out.(Flashback) You’ll regain your lost memories without fail. There’s nothing to worry about. (Flashback) Just don’t let your chance slip away.(Flashback) It will start out as something insignificant… and then it will clear away the mist in your head.Tokitou	Ahh…[Action: Tokitou picks Kotetsu up and starts running through the forest.]Kotetsu	Ahhh! Hold up! Go a little slower, will you?! Just a tiny bit slower!Tokitou	Don’t talk, or you’ll bite your tongue.Kotetsu	Eeeek!Tokitou	(Thoughts) Is this the right thing to do? Isn’t this going to keep me from protecting the entire village?(Thoughts) No, I can do it. I’m a Demon Slayer who’s been recognized by the Master, the Mist Hashira… Muichirou Tokitou.[Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Tanjirou struggles to get up after falling.]Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Urogi prepares to screech again.]Tanjirou	Ah!Ah…Ngh![Action: Tanjirou grabs his sword and cuts through Urogi’s face.]Urogi	Gah…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh no !(Thoughts) I slashed it! What should I do? I’m creating more of them![Action: Urogi’s body parts begin to move.]Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) The same name?[Action: Urogi’s body parts screech again.]Tanjirou	Gahhh… Ahhh! Ngh!(Thoughts) I get it! That’s how it works! (Thoughts) Their attack power is weaker!(Thoughts) It probably can’t split off into stronger clones indefinitely.(Thoughts) Those characters inside its mouth that I got a glimpse of… Emotions… Those four are the most powerful versions, right?(Thoughts) If they divide any further… they get weaker![Action: Urogi’s leg prepares to attack again, but Tanjirou stabs through its mouth. Another body part attacks, and Tanjirou stabs through it. Urogi’s full body flies through the air.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Behind me![Action: Urogi prepares to attack. Tanjirou dodges the screech.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) I have to defeat it! Even just one of them! I need to get back to Nezuko and Genya!Ah…[Action: Tanjirou finds that Urogi’s body parts aren’t on his sword anymore.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Where’s the demon? The mouth that I stabbed is gone! (Thoughts) So… it can’t split off any further?[Action: Urogi attacks again, slashing through Tanjirou’s shoulder.]Urogi	Urahh!Tanjirou	Ngh!Ngh…Urogi	How do you like my talons?!How swift, how sharp they are? They’re strong enough to smash even diamonds![Action: Urogi slashes Tanjirou again and hits him against a tree.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Gah! Urgh! Ngh…Urogi	Go on, tremble!Make that joyful blood spray… gush out even more! Urahh!Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Urogi slashes Tanjirou again.]Urogi	Fufu…Tanjirou	You, too!Urogi	Huh?[Action: A slash appears in Urogi’s face.]Urogi	Ahhh! Ahh… Ahhh…[Action: Tanjirou runs toward Urogi. Urogi prepares to screech. Tanjirou slashes through his face horizontally.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Urogi	Gah…[Action: Urogi falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	Urahhh![Action: Urogi’s face regenerates.]Urogi	Ngh…Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou slashes at Urogi, but he dodges.]Urogi	Now you’ve gone and done it!Urahh![Action: Urogi dives at Tanjirou, but Tanjirou blocks the attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh!Urogi	Heh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I want to get back to Nezuko and Genya right away! What am I going to do?! (Thoughts) Nezuko… Hang in there![Scene: At the lodge. Nezuko holds Karaku back. Aizetsu’s spear holds Genya to the ground.]Nezuko	Ngh… Grr… Grrr!Genya	Guh…Nezuko	Ngh… Grrr! Grrr…Karaku	Hahaha! Keep trying, little girl! You’re almost there!Nezuko	Grrr!Karaku	Hahahaha! Come on, what’s the matter?Sekido	Would you hurry up and dismember her?! I’m getting more and more annoyed!Karaku	Keep your hands to yourself! This girl’s mine! You and Aizetsu can get lost!Aizetsu	Karaku… I will finish off that girl.Ngh…[Action: Aizetsu tries to get Genya off his spear but can’t.]Aizetsu	(Thoughts) Wha… My spear is stuck? Genya	Ngh… I’m the one you’re going to fight! [Action: Genya lifts his gun.]Sekido	Wha…![Action: Genya fires his gun, beheading Aizetsu.]Sekido	Why are you getting blasted like that, Aizetsu? So infuriating! You’re a fool!Action: Aizetsu begins pulling out his spear.]Genya	(Thoughts) Dammit! It’s coming out![Action: Aizetsu gets his spear out of Genya’s stomach.]Genya	Guh! Gah…[Action: Aizetsu’s head regenerates.]Aizetsu	Ngh…How sad it is not to be able to die instantly.Genya	Gah! Ngh… [Scene: At the lodge. Aizetsu pulls his spear from Genya’s stomach.]Genya	Guh! Gah…Aizetsu	I went for his vital spot so he would die right away, but I guess he couldn’t die with my spear still lodged in his body.But now, at least he can die.Genya	Shaekoku Gijujikkodokuon Yodaibikushu…Aizetsu	What’s this? The Amida Sutra? Well, isn’t he a devout one?Sekido	Can’t you see he’s still alive?! Split his head in two, Aizetsu!Aizetsu	I was just about to do that, so stop yelling at me. You’re making me sad.[Action: Aizetsu swings his spear to kill Genya, but Genya appears behind him.]Aizetsu	Ah…Genya	I’ll slice your head off as many times as it takes until you’re dead! You scumbag![Action: Genya swings for Aizetsu’s head, but Sekido plants his spear into the ground, electrocuting him.]Genya	(Thoughts) Crap! I can’t dodge this lightning! Damn that bastard with the staff!Ngh![Action: Genya shoots his gun, hitting Sekido in the arm.]Sekido	Gah!(Thoughts) Grr… What’s going on? Why won’t he die even after Aizetsu dealt him a fatal blow?Aizetsu	Ngh![Action: Aizetsu swings his spear, breaking some of Genya’s ribs.]Genya	Gah… Ugh!Ngh! Gah…Karaku	Hey, what’s this? That guy looks more fun! Hahahaha!Nezuko	Ngh…Karaku	I’m done with you, little girl!Urahh![Action: Karaku kicks through Nezuko’s stomach.]Nezuko	Guh… Ah… Ahh…Karaku	Sekido! After I’ve ripped this girl’s limbs off, you impale her with your staff. Then, if you keep blasting her with lightning, she’ll be immobilized, huh?Sekido	That was my plan from the start!Karaku	Fufu![Action: Karaku breaks Nezuko’s arm.]Nezuko	Guh…Karaku	Hahaha!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Nezuko kicks Karaku’s jaw, nearly beheading him.]Karaku	Gah…(Thoughts) What kind of ferocious kick was that?Nezuko	Ngh! Grrr…[Action: Nezuko rips her arm away from Karaku. He regenerates, and she splashes her blood on him.]Karaku	Ngh…Nezuko	Grrrr…[Action: Nezuko uses her Blood Demon Art to burn Karaku.]Karaku	Gahh!Nezuko	Ngh!Sekido	Ngh…Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko flips and rips Karaku’s arm off.]Karaku	Ngh…Nezuko	Grr…Sekido	What are you doing, you idiot?!Nezuko	Grr… Ngh![Action: Nezuko uses Sekido’s fan and blasts him away.]Karaku	Ah… Ahhh!Nezuko	Ngh…Sekido	Ngh![Action: Sekido knocks Karaku’s fan out of Nezuko’s hand.]Sekido	Ngh!Nezuko	Ngh…[Action: Sekido stabs Nezuko in the neck with his staff. He electrocutes her.]Nezuko	Gah… Ah… Gah… Ahh…[Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Tanjirou looks for Urogi.]Tanjirou	Ah…Ah…Urogi	Grr…[Action: Urogi dives at Tanjirou and slashes his face.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) That was quick! He’s faster now!(Thoughts) I need to get back! The building they’re in is so close! (Thoughts) What are you going to do? Think!(Thoughts) I know! If I can’t bring the demon down here… (Thoughts) Wait, but that might just make matters worse! (Thoughts) I don’t know what to do! I don’t know what to do!(Thoughts) Make up your mind! You have no choice now but to do it!Urogi	Urahhh!Hah![Action: Urogi attacks again. Tanjirou blocks and rolls to the side.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) Nezuko, Genya! Don’t die! I’ll be there soon![Scene: At the lodge. Aizetsu walks toward Genya’s body.]Aizetsu	Did you finally die?Genya	Ngh…Aizetsu	Ah…Genya	Kaizedaiarakan shushochishiki choro…Aizetsu	You’re still alive, then? What is this? Who the hell are you anyway?!Genya	Fufufu… Hahahaha! You really wanna know?Aizetsu	Ah…Genya	My name is Genya Shinazugawa! Make sure you don’t forget it![Action: Genya gets up and points his sword at Aizetsu.]Genya	That’s the name… of the man who’s going to kill you![Scene: In the forest. Tanjirou continues to fight Urogi.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Nezuko and Genya are in that building right there! (Thoughts) I’m going there in one go!(Thoughts) Don’t misjudge the direction! Use the demon’s ability to fly and momentum!(Thoughts) To save Nezuko and Genya as soon as possible![Action: Urogi prepares to dive. Tanjirou runs away.]Urogi	Hmm?Hahaha! So you’re making a run for it? You’re all out of energy now?![Action: Urogi dives at Tanjirou. Tanjirou dodges the attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Urogi	Ah…![Action: Tanjirou jumps and stabs Urogi in the mouth.]Urogi	Gahh![Action: Urogi claws into Tanjirou’s back.]Tanjirou	Guh!Urogi	Gahh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I knew it! He’s light!(Thoughts) If he wasn’t, he wouldn’t be able to fly around with wings this size! (Thoughts) I can make it![Action: Tanjirou guides Urogi back toward the lodge and pushes him into the building.]Urogi	Gahhh…!Tanjirou	Urahh!Urogi	Gahhh![Action: Tanjirou pushes Urogi through the wall.]Tanjirou	Nezuko! Genya!Sekido	First Karaku, and now even Urogi… What the hell are you doing?!Nezuko	Ngh… Ugh…Tanjirou	Nezuko!Stop that![Action: Tanjirou charges toward Sekido.]Sekido	Ngh…[Action: Sekido forms a spear out of his hand.]Sekido	Infuriating! Infuriating! Ngh![Action: Sekido shoots his spear toward Tanjirou. Tanjirou dodges, and the spear goes through Urogi’s foot.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Sekido	(Thoughts) Urogi’s foot!(Thoughts) Flesh made of the same cells as my own, impervious to lightning! (Thoughts) This little brat has good intuition!(Thoughts) Just now, he came into this room, and in the blink of an eye, he sliced off Urogi’s foot!(Thoughts) He can think on his feet in battle!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t cut off its head with my sword! Its tongue! Go for its tongue![Action: Tanjirou swings, cutting vertically through Sekido’s jaw.]Sekido	Guh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) If their tongues are slashed, these demons take just a little while longer to recover![Action: Tanjirou grabs Sekido’s spear with Urogi’s foot.]Tanjirou	All right! I can pull it out![Action: Tanjirou pulls out Sekido’s spear from Nezuko’s neck.]Nezuko	Ugh…[Action: Sekido regenerates his tongue.]Sekido	Ngh…(Thoughts) Curse you! I’ll make you pay for this![Action: Sekido moves to attack Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This is bad! The demon’s already recovered?!Ah![Action: Sekido plants his spear against Tanjirou’s back.]Tanjirou	Gah!(Thoughts) It stopped.Ah…[Action: Tanjirou turns to see Nezuko holding Sekido’s spear in place.]Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Nezuko!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Nezuko uses her Blood Demon Art on Sekido.]Sekido	Ngh… Gahh! What an insolent spell!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Amazing… Look how effective Nezuko’s blood is!Nezuko	Grrr!Sekido	Gah!Tanjirou	Nezuko!Nezuko	Ngh…[Action: Karaku appears in the sky.]Tanjirou	Ah!Karaku	You look like you’re having fun! Let me join you guys![Action: Karaku waves his fan.]Nezuko	Ngh…![Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko are pushed to the floor.]Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Guh…Ahh…!Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What unbelievable pressure! It’s crushing our bodies!Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko are pushed to the floor below and are knocked out.]Karaku	Fufu! And now for the final blow![Action: Karaku prepares to swing his fan.][Scene: In the Swordsmith Village. A swordsmith rings a warning bell.]Swordsmith	Enemy attack! Demons![Action: More demons with pots on their heads run into the village.]Demons	Urahh!Grr… Urahh!Swordsmiths	Ahh! Demon	Urahh! Swordsmith	Ngh! Demon	Grr… Urah!Swordsmith	Eek! Eek… Ahh…Demon	Urahh!Swordsmiths	Get up!Ah…[Action: The demons charge farther into the town.]Demons	Urahh!Swordsmith	Enemy attack! Protect the village!Demon	Urah! Swordsmith	Ahh! Demon	Urahh![Scene: In the forest. Kanroji’s crow flies through the sky as Kanroji follows it.]Crow	Hurry! Hurry! The village is in danger! The village is in danger! We must rush to its aid as soon as possible!Kanroji	I’ve got to hurry! I’ve got to hurry! The villagers are all in danger!But to think I was stationed so close to the swordsmiths’ village… Who knew?Crow	Hurry! The village is close to destruction!Kanroji	All right! I’m going to give it my all!  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.05Title: Bright Red SwordCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Genya Shinazugawa, Muichirou Tokitou, Mitsuri Kanroji, Kouzou Kanamori, Kotetsu, Tecchin Tecchikawahara, Suyako Kamado, Gyokko, Sekido, Karaku, Urogi, swordsmiths, demonsJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the Swordsmith Village. Tokitou runs with Kotetsu over his shoulder.]Tokitou	You’re sure it’s this way? Kotetsu	Yes! We’re almost there! Tokitou	There he is.[Action: Tokitou sees a demon up ahead with Kanamori hiding in a tree.]Demon	Grrr!Kotetsu	Mr. Kanamori!Demon	Urahh!Kotetsu	Wha… Ahh![Action: Tokitou launches forward and kills the demon.]Demon	Urah! Urahhh!Kanamori	Ohh! He slashed it in the blink of an eye![Action: Kanamori comes down the tree.]Kanamori	Lord Tokitou! Thank goodness!Kotetsu	Mr. Kanamori!Kanamori	Young Kotetsu!Thank goodness you’re safe!To be honest, I thought you’d be dead by now!Kotetsu	Same here, Mr. Kanamori!Kanamori	Mmm…Tokitou	So you’re Kanamori?Kanamori	Ah…Kotetsu	Mr. Tokitou, this is Mr. Kanamori.Tokitou	Do you have a sword for me?Give it to me now.[Action: Kanamori looks at the sword Tokitou is holding.]Kanamori	Oh my! Look at this! It’s quite badly chipped!Tokitou	That’s why I came to the village.Kanamori	I see, I see! I do have a sword ready for you, so let me give it to you right away!Tokitou	You don’t waste time, do you?Kotetsu	I’m happy for you! You should be thankful!Kanamori	Tanjirou asked me to take care of it. Your sword, that is. He also said I should be understanding toward you.Tokitou	Tanjirou? Tanjirou said it, huh?Kanamori	So I checked up on the first swordsmith who served you --Kotetsu	Mr. Kanamori, Mr. Kanamori! We have to head to Mr. Haganezuka’s! If he’s under attack by those demons --Kanamori	Oh, that’s right!Come on, I’ll show you the way to my work shed! [Scene: In the forests around the Swordsmith Village. Kanamori guides Kotetsu and Tokitou.]Kanamori	I’m worried about the village! Since you’re a Hashira, I want you to take that sword and go to their aid as soon as possible!It’s that shed over there! Thank goodness! I don’t see any fish monsters! I was working in that shed!The sword I’m supposed to give you is inside, too! Please take it and rush to where the chief is!Tokitou	No, I can’t.Kanamori	Huh?! What’s that?[Action: Tokitou grabs Kanamori’s coat and stops him.]Kanamori	Erk![Action: Kotetsu bumps into Tokitou.]Kotetsu	Erk!Ouch… You’re so annoying!Tokitou	It’s here.[Action: Gyokko’s pot rolls out of the bushes.]Gyokko	Hyo![Action: Tokitou steps in front of Kanamori and Kotetsu.]Kotetsu	Huh?Kanamori	Ah…[Action: Tokitou inches toward Gyokko’s pot.]Gyokko	I’m impressed that you noticed me!But wait, you’re a Hashira.[Action: Gyokko appears from his pot.]Gyokko	Hyo, hyo, hyo!Is this rundown shed that important to you?Kotetsu, KanamoriAhh!Gyokko	What is it that you’re being so secretive about, I wonder. Hyo, hyo![Scene: In the village. A swordsmith hammers the warning bell.]Swordsmith	Enemy attack! Demons! Enemy attack!Protect the leaders of each clan! Take out the Hashiras’ swords!Help the chief get away!Demon	Urahh![Action: The demon topples the warning tower.]Swordsmith	Ahhh![Action: Several swordsmiths run from the demons, but one gets attacked.]Swordsmith	Gahh! Demon	Urahh! Swordsmiths	Tetsugorou!Watch out! Those monsters’ claws are as sharp as blades! Take cover inside thebuildings for now!Demon	Urahh!Swordsmiths	Ah…No good! Get back! Get back! Ahhh!Demon	Urahh![Action: Kanroji appears and cuts the demon’s pot.]Swordsmith	Woah! A Hashira showed up!Kanroji	Sorry I’m late! I’ll take care of this right away, everyone![Action: Kanroji continues attacking the demons.]Demons	Urah! Urah! Urah! Urah! Urah!Urah!Swordsmiths	Wow!So fast! So strong!I’d forgotten because she’s so cute, but the Hashira sure are strong, huh?The chief! Please look after the chief!Demons	Urah![Scene: At the chief’s house. A swordsmith prepares to fight the demon holding Tecchikawahara hostage.]Demon	Urahh… Swordsmith	Ngh… Demon	Urahhh!Tecchin	Ngh… Ugh… Guh… [Action: Tecchikawahara coughs up blood.] Swordsmith	Chief![Action: The swordsmith charges at the demon and attacks, but the demon swipes him away.]Demon	Urahh!Swordsmith	Gah! Ngh…Ch-Chief…Tecchin	Ugh… Ngh…Swordsmith	Chief!The Demon Slayer guards who were stationed here have been killed. As the most highly-skilled person in the village, Chief, I can’t let you die!Demon	Urahh…Swordsmith	This monster is way too big! My attacks have no effect! And it’s abnormally quick![Action: The demon turns to the swordsmith.]Swordsmith	Eek…[Action: Kanroji appears in front of the swordsmith.]Swordsmith	Ah…Kanroji	You shouldn’t move. You likely have internal injuries.Swordsmith	L-Lady Kanroji!(Thoughts) What kind of sword is that? Did the chief… Did Lord Tecchin forge it? I’ve heard the rumors, but how odd it looks!Demon	Urahhh!Kanroji	Love Breathing… First Form.[Action: Kanroji launches forward.]Demon	Urahhh!Kanroji	Shivers of First Love![Action: The demon is cut in several places.]Demon	Urah…Kanroji	My heart would never flutter for those who needlessly hurt others!Demon	Urahh… Swordsmith	Ngh… Ngh… Ahh… Tecchin	Ugh…[Action: The demon begins to disappear.]Kanroji	Lord Tecchin![Action: Kanroji catches Tecchikawahara as he falls.]Kanroji	Are you all right, Lord Tecchin?! Stay with me!Tecchin	Ugh…Kanroji	Lord Tecchin! Can you hear me?!Tecchin	Here I am in the arms of a young, beautiful girl! I’m on cloud nine! Gah…Kanroji	Ah… Oh my! Lord Tecchin! Please!Swordsmith	I fell on my head, too!Kanroji	Huh?Swordsmith	Please hold my hand…Kanroji	Oh dear, forgive me! Are you okay?Tecchin	You back off!Swordsmith	Wh-What a relief. Haa…[Scene: In Tanjirou’s subconscious. Tanjirou smells something unfamiliar.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What… What is this? This scent?Sekido	Stop trying to flee…[Action: Tanjirou wakes up to find himself over Nezuko’s shoulder as she flees.]Tanjirou	Ah!Sekido	… like a pesky gnat! Ngh![Action: Sekido slams his staff into the floor, causing electricity to spread. Nezuko dodges the attacks, but she and Tanjirou are struck by lightning.]Tanjirou	Gahh!Nezuko	Guh![Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko fall to the ground.]Sekido	Heh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Now I remember. I was knocked out by that demon with the fan! Nezuko came to before I did!Ah!Urogi	Urahh![Action: Urogi appears from the air and flies toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Urogi	Urah![Action: Tanjirou dodges the attack and runs away with Nezuko.]Urogi	Tsk…Sekido	Curses! Could they be any slower?! Karaku! Blast it away!Karaku	Right![Action: Karaku follows after Tanjirou and Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Karaku	Hahaha!I was just about to do that anyway![Action: Karaku waves his fan. Tanjirou barely dodges the attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) Think! You’ve got to think! How to inflict massive damage on the enemy! An attack that they can’t recover from right away!Karaku	Damn.[Action: Karaku prepares to attack again.]Karaku	Hey, brat… Die![Action: Karaku waves his fan.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko are knocked forward.]Tanjirou	Gah!Karaku	It’s all over for you now![Action: Karaku waves his fan again. Tanjirou and Nezuko are knocked out of the building. Nezuko grabs Tanjirou’s sword.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko are knocked away by the shockwave.] [Scene: In the Swordsmith Village, at the ruined building. Sekido and Karaku admire their handiwork.]Karaku	Hahaha! Now that’s what you call a fine view!All right… Now there’s nowhere for you to scurry around and hide![Action: Tanjirou tries to free Nezuko, who is trapped under a rooftop.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Dammit! The rubble!Nezuko, it’s okay! I’d never abandon you!Let go of my sword! I’ll clear away the rubble, okay?[Action: Nezuko squeezes Tanjirou’s sword harder and bleeds.]Tanjirou	Nezuko! Stop it! You’re going to cut your fingers!Ah…[Action: Sekido and Karaku walk through the rubble.]Sekido	It certainly blew up completely.Karaku	Once this smoke clears, it will spell their demise.Tanjirou	Ah…Nezuko! Stop! You have to stop![Action: Nezuko pulls Tanjirou’s sword closer to her chest.]Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh… Ngh…![Scene: Elsewhere in the village. Gyokko approaches Tokitou, Kanamori, and Kotetsu.]Gyokko	Hyo, hyo! A pleasure to meet you! My name is Gyokko. Before I kill you, might I ask for a minute of your time?[Action: Kanamori and Kotetsu hide behind Tokitou.]Tokitou	Why are you closing in on me?Kotetsu	Because we’d be scared on our own.Gyokko	I’d be delighted to show my artwork to my three guests tonight!Tokitou	Artwork? What are you talking about?Gyokko	Now then, let me start with this piece![Action: A pot appears in front of Gyokko. A black sludge comes out of it, revealing the bodies of many dead swordsmiths stuck together.]Kotetsu	Ah… Ahh… Ah… Ah…Gyokko	Behold, “Death Throes of the Smiths”!Kotetsu, KanamoriAhh…Gyokko	Please take a look! First, those hands! The hallmark of a swordsmith, those thick, blister- ridden, soiled hands! I intentionally pushed them to the forefront!Kanamori	Lord Kongouji! Mr. Tetsuo! Mr. Hagaike! Koutarou!Kotetsu	Uncle Tetsuhiro!Gyokko	Yes! You’re absolutely right!For this piece, I used five swordsmiths to lavish, extravagant effect!Kotetsu, KanamoriAh… Ahh…Gyokko	I didn’t expect you to be this moved!Moreover, I’ve truly brought out their swordsmith qualities by piercing them with swords! I left these hyottoko masks on to juxtapose emptiness and absurdity. Needless to say, this, too, was a deliberate choice! And this is the best part![Action: Gyokko grabs a sword.]Gyokko	Just twist the sword like so, and…[Action: Gyokko twists a sword.]Tetsuhiro	Gahhh!Kotetsu	Ahhh! Stop it! Ngh… Ugh…Gyokko	Hmm?Kotetsu	Ngh… Ugh…Gyokko	What do you think? Isn’t it marvelous?! I’ve reproduced their death throes!Tokitou	Hey. You’d better knock it off, you piece of crap.[Action: Tokitou launches forward and slashes at Gyokko’s neck.]Gyokko	Hyo![Action: Gyokko dodges the attack and teleports to a vase on a rooftop.]Tokitou	Ah…Gyokko	I’m not done describing my artwork!Kindly hear me out to the end.Tokitou	(Thoughts) It can teleport from one vase to another. I see.Gyokko	What I especially take pride in is the vase’s --[Action: Tokitou cuts through the vase.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) I can barely feel it.[Action: The vase disintegrates. A new one appears on the ground.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) It got away again. It can move fast. Now it’s over there. Those vases pop up out of nowhere.Gyokko	You have a lot of gall, slashing it! My vase! My art! You have no eye for beauty, you damn ape!Tokitou	(Thoughts) How are those vases spawned?Gyokko	You bastards with muscles where your brains should be… Clearly, you lack the ability to appreciate my artwork! Which, in a way, is fine!Tokitou	(Thoughts) No… But since it’s so intent on fleeing, then unlike that clone demon… beheading this one will kill it.[Action: Gyokko forms a vase in his hand.]Tokitou	Ah…![Action: Demon fish appear from the vase.]Demons	Grr, grr!Gyokko	Thousand Needle Fish Kill![Action: The demon fish spit needles toward Tokitou.]Demons	Urahh!Tokitou	Ah![Action: Tokitou dodges the attack.]Kotetsu	Mr. Tokitou!Tokitou	Ngh…[Action: The demon fish turn toward Kanamori and Kotetsu.]Demons	Grr, grr, grr…Kotetsu	Ah!Demons	Urahhh![Action: The demon fish spit needles toward Kanamori and Kotetsu. Kanamori shields Kotetsu.]Kanamori	Young Kotetsu![Action: The needles stab Tokitou’s body.]Kanamori	Ngh…Kotetsu	Ah!Kanamori	Ah!Lord Tokitou!Tokitou	You’re getting in the way, so go hide.Kanamori	Ah…Kotetsu	I’m sorry… I… I…Demons	Urahh![Action: The demon fish spit more needles. Tokitou deflects them with his sword. Kanamori picks Kotetsu up and runs.]Gyokko	Hyo, hyo, hyo! Look at you, riddled with needles… A comical sight, indeed!How do you like it? The poison must slowly be numbing your limbs, right? So very comical! You saved some worthless lives, and now you’re going to die in a worthless place. So worthless, it doesn’t matter whether they exist or not.Demon	(Flashback) Because your lives are worthless!Tokitou	(Thoughts) Who’s that? I can’t remember.(Thoughts) I think someone said the same thing to me years ago. Who was it?(Thoughts) It was summer. It was hot. We’d left the door open. I guess because it was too hot, the cicadas were buzzing really loud.Gyokko	Hyo, hyo! Still, you are a Hashira, even looking like that. What kind of artwork should I produce? Oh, I’m giddy![Action: Tokitou launches forward.]Tokitou	Shut up. It’s all your talk that’s worthless.[Action: Tokitou swings, cutting off one of Gyokko’s arms. Another arm summons a pot, and a stream of water comes out of it, enveloping Tokitou.]Gyokko	Blood Demon Art, Water Prison Pot!Death by suffocation is rather stylish. Beautiful! And that chilling feeling of a blade pressed against your neck… Now that’s simply sublime![Action: Tokitou pokes at the water with his sword but can’t break free.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) It’s no good. I can’t slash it.Gyokko	I just stopped a Demon Slayer’s greatest weapon, his breathing. I can barely contain myself, just imagining your face twisted in agony! Hyo, hyo!Obliterating this village will be a devastating blow to you Demon Slayers. Once we’ve brought the Demon Slayers to their knees, even Ubuyashiki’s head will be within reach! Hyo, hyo![Scene: Elsewhere in the village. Tanjirou tries to take his sword away from Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Nezuko! Please let go of my sword! Nezuko!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh… Ngh…[Action: Nezuko’s blood begins to burn.]Tanjirou	Ah!Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The sword’s ablaze with Nezuko’s blood! (Thoughts) The sword’s changing color!(Thoughts) The temperature’s rising, and my black sword is turning red! Enveloped in exploding blood! This is…[Action: Nezuko lets go of Tanjirou’s sword.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) … Exploding Blood Sword![Action: Tanjirou sees a vision of Suyako talking with Sumiyoshi.]Suyako	(Flashback) So it turns red, right?(Flashback) A samurai’s sword turns red only during battle, right?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s this?Suyako	(Flashback) Why is that? So mysterious! Even though normally, it’s pitch-black like obsidian…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Who is that?Suyako	(Flashback) It’s so beautiful, isn’t it?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Who are you?(Thoughts) Oh, right. This is an inherited memory.(Thoughts) The samurai she’s talking about… Could it be that swordsman with the earrings? Was that swordsman’s sword pitch-black?(Thoughts) I’ve got a black sword just like his. And my own sword just turned red, too! It changed color!(Thoughts) This sword turned red thanks to the power of Nezuko’s blood, so even if it was through a different method than that swordsman’s, right now, my sword is just like his.(Thoughts) You may think you’ve gotten stronger, but there are always even more powerful demons.(Thoughts) I’m only flesh and blood, so my body is scarred and battered, but… every time, someone comes to my aid! They keep me alive!(Thoughts) I have to meet their expectations!(Thoughts) Everyone who’s helped me out has just one wish, just one desire! To defeat the demons! To protect human lives![Action: Tanjirou steps toward Sekido, Karaku, and Urogi. They turn to him.]Karaku	Hm?Sekido	Ngh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I have to come through for them!Karaku	Fufu… Even if you resort to cheap tricks, you can’t beat me.Urogi	You can slash me, but I won’t feel a thing![Action: Urogi flies toward Tanjirou.]Sekido	(Thoughts) A burning blade… Raging Sword… Lord Muzan’s memories… The sword of a swordsman who drove Lord Muzan into a corner… and nearly beheaded him![Action: Tanjirou’s forehead scar spreads.]Sekido	(Thoughts) I see that swordsman in him.[Action: Urogi sees a vision of Yoriichi as Tanjirou prepares to attack.]Urogi	Ah!Tanjirou	Hinokami Kagura… Sun Halo Dragon…[Action: Tanjirou launches forward, cutting through Urogi’s neck.]Urogi	Guh… Gahh!Karaku	Hah![Action: Tanjirou cuts through Karaku’s neck.]Karaku	Gah…[Action: Tanjirou launches forward again, cutting through Sekido’s neck.]Tanjirou	… Head Dance![Action: The bodies and heads of Sekido, Karaku, and Urogi fall to the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’ve been thinking about that one blow all this time… The reason why I was able to cut off Gyuutarou’s head with that blow.(Thoughts) How I felt in that moment, my breathing, the way I exerted myself… The way my whole body felt like it was on fire, and my forehead!(Thoughts) Now I know. I can do it now!(Thoughts) Just one more! I need to slash all four at once! (Thoughts) Where’s the last one?[Action: Tanjirou sees Genya kneeling on the ground with Aizetsu’s spear still in him.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Genya! So you’re okay!(Thoughts) He beheaded the fourth demon! That’s great! That’s great!(Thoughts) Was it simultaneous? If it was at the same time…Genya --Genya	Ngh…[Action: Genya turns to Tanjirou. His eyes are black and teeth are sharpened like a demon’s.]Genya	Ngh… Ngh…Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) Is that Genya? Why… does he look like that? (Thoughts) It’s like…Genya	Ngh… Ngh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s like…  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.06Title: Aren't You Going to Become a Hashira?Character List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Genya Shinazugawa, Shizu Shinazugawa, Sumi Shinazugawa, Teiko Shinazugawa, Hiroshi Shinazugawa, Shuuya Shinazugawa, young Genya (Y.Genya), young Sanemi Shinazugawa (Y.Sanemi), Hantengu, Sekido, Karaku, Aizetsu, UrogiJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the Swordsmith Village. Tanjirou turns to Genya, who appears to have beheaded Aizetsu.]Tanjirou	Genya![Action: Genya turns to Tanjirou. His eyes are black, and his teeth are sharp like a demon’s.]Genya	Ngh…Ngh… Ngh… Ngh… Ngh…![Scene: In the Swordsmith Village. Tanjirou and Genya stare at each other.]Genya	Ngh… Ugh…Tanjirou	Ahh…Genya	Ngh… Ngh… Ngh… Ngh…Tanjirou	Gen… ya…Karaku	Gahhh!Tanjirou	Ah!Karaku	What kind of slashing attack was that?! I can’t regenerate!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The attack worked!Karaku	The pain is scorching me!Sekido	Calm down! You’re pathetic!It takes time, but we can regenerate!Karaku	Gahh…Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) I don’t know what’s going on with Genya, but I’ve figured something out because he slashed one of them!(Thoughts) Looks like even if we behead all four at the same time, we can’t finish them off like we did Gyuutarou!Ngh…(Thoughts) Attacking these four Emotion Demons is pretty much pointless! Ah… Nezuko![Action: Nezuko tries to push the rubble off her.]Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Nezuko!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh…Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou cuts through the rubble.]Nezuko	Mm… Ngh![Action: Nezuko gets up and hugs Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Nezuko!Nezuko	Mmm!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Something’s been bothering me all this time. (Thoughts) Is it possible that their heads aren’t their vital spots?(Thoughts) Something felt so off. That scent that I caught for just an instant… Right. That was… the scent of a fifth demon!(Thoughts) There’s a fifth demon! I have to find it… I have to find the fifth and kill it![Action: Genya grabs Tanjirou’s throat.]Tanjirou	Ah!Genya	Ngh… Don’t get so full of yourself! I’m the one who’s going to defeat… an Upper Rank!Tanjirou	Genya…!Genya	You didn’t defeat Upper Six on your own! That’s why you haven’t become a Hashira!Tanjirou	Uh, yeah, that’s right!Genya	You can bet… that I’m going to… beat you to it!Tanjirou	Genya! You’re drooling, okay? What’s wrong? Not to mention, you’re choking me!Genya	Ngh![Action: Genya grabs Tanjirou’s throat harder.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Genya	I’m the one who’s going to become a Hashira!Tanjirou	I see! I get it, sure! Nezuko and I will give you our full support! Let’s give it our all, all three of us!Genya	Huh?Tanjirou	I’m sure there’s a fifth demon somewhere. I’ll look for it, so I want you to buy me some time!Genya	I know what you’re up to! You’re just making me let my guard down, and… Huh?[Action: Sekido’s staff rattles.]Tanjirou	Ah… Look out![Action: Tanjirou pushes Genya out of the way. Lightning strikes Genya’s last position.]Sekido	(Thoughts) The Anger Demon’s revived already! Hurry!Genya! I’ll let you know as soon as I’ve found the fifth demon, so keep these demons at bay![Action: Tanjirou runs off.]Genya	Ah…They’ve all regenerated, dammit! Ngh… Grr…Nezuko	Ngh…[Action: Nezuko and Genya run toward Sekido, Karaku, and Urogi.]Tanjirou	Whatever you do, just don’t slash Nezuko! She’s my little sister!Nezuko	Mm.Genya	Ah…Urogi	Ngh…[Action: Urogi prepares to dive but sees Genya holding his gun.]Urogi	Gah… Ngh…[Action: Genya fires at Urogi.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Where’s that fifth demon?(Thoughts) I have to find it while Genya and Nezuko are fending off the others!Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko kicks at Karaku. He blocks the attack.]Karaku	Ngh…Nezuko	Ngh…[Action: Karaku waves his fan. Nezuko dodges the attack, but it goes toward Tanjirou, barely missing him.]Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) What’s this?(Thoughts) Thanks to the wind created by that demon with the fan, the sulfur smell from the hot springs is gone!(Thoughts) Find it! Concentrate![Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air, leading him toward the fifth demon.]Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Nearby, Hantengu hides in some bushes.]Hantengu	Eek… It’s all right… They’ll never find me! It’s all right… My four Emotions will defeat those villains for me!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Found it! Found it, found it, found it![Action: Tanjirou runs toward Hantengu.]Tanjirou	Genya!Sekido	Ngh… Urogi!Urogi	Ngh![Action: Urogi charges toward Tanjirou and attacks.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Urogi	Urah![Action: Tanjirou blocks the attack.]Tanjirou	Go straight, northeast! Ngh…The fifth demon’s hiding itself close to the ground!Genya	Ah…!Sekido	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Sekido plants his staff into the ground. An array of lightning strikes between Tanjirou and Urogi.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Genya	Ah!Tanjirou	Genya!Genya	Ah…Tanjirou	Go after it! I’ll cover you!Urogi	Ngh!Genya	(Thoughts) Northeast![Action: Genya turns toward Hantengu.]Urogi	Ah… Ngh!Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou blocks Urogi.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Crap, more lightning!Urogi	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ngh…Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko kicks Karaku away.]Karaku	Gah!Tanjirou	Nezuko! Go help Genya! Don’t let the Lightning Demon get in Genya’s way!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Tanjirou continues to fight Urogi. Sekido appears behind Tanjirou.]Urogi	Ngh…Karaku	Ngh…Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Karaku waves his fan, sending Tanjirou flying. Tanjirou grabs onto a tree stump.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) Don’t let yourself get swept away! Stay in this spot, no matter what! Ah…!(Thoughts) This is bad! Here comes a lightning attack, too!Ngh… Ah![Action: Nezuko jumps toward Sekido.]Sekido	Ngh…Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Aizetsu appears, stabbing Nezuko in the stomach.]Nezuko	Ngh… Gah…Tanjirou	Nezuko![Scene: Elsewhere in the village. Tokitou is trapped in Gyokko’s Blood Demon Art.]Gyokko	Hyo, hyo, hyo!Is it excruciating? It must be excruciating![Action: Tokitou tries to stab through the barrier with no luck.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) So it’s the same everywhere?Gyokko	Hyo, hyo, hyo! Not only are you unable to unleash your breathing techniques, but you’ll soon be drawing your last breath in there, too!Hyo, hyo, hyo! Hyo, hyo, hyo! That look of fake stoicism… How very sublime it is! My creative juices are simply gushing![Scene: Near the ruined building. Nezuko tries to get Aizetsu’s spear out of her stomach.]Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh…Aizetsu	Don’t fight back. You’re making me sad.Sekido.Nezuko	Ngh!Sekido	I know! I’m going to crucify her --[Action: Tanjirou launches forward, cutting off Sekido’s hand with his flaming sword.]Sekido	Ah…!Urogi	Ah… Ngh![Action: Urogi launches at Tanjirou. Tanjirou dodges and attacks.]Sekido	(Thoughts) That youngster is even faster than before!(Thoughts) No… Even from the moment I first met him, he’s exceeded all of his reports! (Thoughts) Those unbelievable reflexes! His ability to adapt himself in combat![Action: Tanjirou attacks Urogi, cutting through his mouth.]Urogi	Gahh!Sekido	(Thoughts) That explosive growth he displays when he’s on the brink![Action: Nezuko grabs Aizetsu’s head.]Nezuko	Ngh!Aizetsu	Erk…Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Nezuko slides herself along Aizetsu’s spear and uses her Blood Demon Art.]Aizetsu	Gah! Ahh!Sekido	Ngh…Aizetsu	Ahhh!Nezuko	Ngh… Grr…Sekido	(Thoughts) Damn! (Thoughts) Karaku! Karaku![Action: Tanjirou charges toward Karaku and attacks.]Tanjirou	Urahh!Karaku	You little punk![Action: Karaku waves his fan, sending Tanjirou into the ground.]Tanjirou	Gah!Karaku	All right! Now I just gotta go after that bullet-popping kid![Action: Karaku prepares to wave his fan.]Karaku	Ah…[Action: Nezuko’s flame appears on Karaku’s arm.]Karaku	Damn… I’ve been slashed!Damn you, punk![Action: Karaku tries to stomp on Tanjirou, but Tanjirou dodges.]Tanjirou	Genya!To your right! It’s moving south! Search for it!Genya	(Thoughts) Ngh… Jeez! I am searching for it! I’ve been searching for it all this time! (Thoughts) A spell? I can’t see it because of another spell?!(Thoughts) Crap, crap, crap! Where are you?! The longer this goes on, the closer I get to being depleted!Karaku	Grr… Ngh![Action: Karaku kicks Tanjirou in the stomach.]Tanjirou	Gah!Ngh… Turn west! More to the right! It’s nearby! Down below!Genya	Ngh…(Thoughts) Where are you?! Where --Tanjirou	Genya! Down below!Genya	Huh?Ah![Action: Genya looks to his feet to see Hantengu, who is really small.]Hantengu	Eek… Eeek!Genya	Puny![Action: Genya fires his gun at Hantengu but misses.]Hantengu	Eeek![Action: Hantengu flees.]Genya	(Thoughts) That thing’s beyond small! This is the main body?![Action: Genya follows after Hantengu.]Genya	(Thoughts) This thing?! Dammit! How the hell am I supposed to spot something like that?!It’s no bigger than a field mouse!(Thoughts) Those other four are crazy strong! And this little squirt’s the one that’s controlling them?! Fighting off those four demons while chasing after this mouse… What a pain in the ass! Now I can see why so many Demon Slayers keep ending up dead!(Thoughts) Don’t mess with me! You’re so annoying![Action: Genya tries to stomp on Hantengu but misses.]Genya	(Thoughts) What am I supposed to do with all this rage?![Action: Genya swings at Hantengu’s neck.]Hantengu	Gahh!Genya	(Thoughts) All right! I can do this! I win![Action: Genya’s sword snaps in half.]Genya	Ah…!Hantengu	Gahh…Genya	(Thoughts) I-I can’t slash it? I can’t slash it!(Thoughts) No way! No way! Look at it! Its head is no bigger than my finger! Ngh![Action: Genya fires his gun at Hantengu and hits.]Hantengu	Gahh! Ahhh…Genya	Gah…!Hantengu	Ngh… Eek!Genya	(Thoughts) No good!Ah![Action: Sekido appears behind Genya.]Genya	Gah…!(Thoughts) Oh, crap! I was too slow! (Thoughts) I can’t get out of the way!(Thoughts) I’m going to die… I can’t regenerate my head. (Thoughts) Big Brother…(Thoughts) I wanted to become a Hashira so my big brother would acknowledge me. And… I also wanted to apologize… for what I said that day! Genya	(Narration) My mom was such a tiny person. I grew taller than her at an early age.(Narration) My mother was always working, from morning until night. Not once did I see her sleeping.(Narration) My father was not only a big guy, but he was also a good-for-nothing. He got stabbed to death by someone with a grudge, which served him right. The old man was always beating up my mother and us kids.(Narration) With that tiny body of hers, our mother would shield us from our monstrous father without so much as flinching. I think she was amazing.[Scene: In Genya’s past, in a house at night. Genya’s family is sleeping soundly, but a younger Genya is wide awake.]Y.Genya	Mom’s late, isn’t she?Y.Sanemi	Huh?Genya, you can’t sleep?Y.Genya	Well, neither can you, Big Brother. Y.Sanemi	Haa… I’m going to go look for Mom. [Action: Sanemi gets up.]Y.Genya	Oh, I’ll go with you.Y.Sanemi	No. I’ll go. I want you to stay home.Y.Genya	Huh?Y.Sanemi	Haa… We promised, remember?Y.Genya	Ah… Okay.[Action: Sanemi gets up and goes to the door.]Y.Sanemi	All right, I’m counting on you.Y.Genya	Yeah.[Action: Sanemi leaves. The other children wake up.]Teiko, ShuuyaHehehehe…Y.Genya	Huh?Teiko	Big Brother.Shuuya	Big Brother!Sumi	Big Brother!Hiroshi	Big Brother.Y.Genya	Ah… Hey, I didn’t know you were all awake.[Action: Genya turns on a light and cradles Koto.]Teiko	You think Mom’s okay?Y.Genya	She’s fine, all right? Big Brother went to look for her.Hiroshi	But…Y.Genya	Mm…Teiko	She’s never been this late before. The sun will be coming up soon.Y.Genya	It’s okay. You must be tired. Go to sleep, all right? I bet Mom and Big Brother will be back when you wake up.[Action: Shizu, who is now a demon, stumbles onto the door to the room.]Hiroshi	It’s Mom![Action: Shuuya runs toward the door.]Teiko	Mom!Sumi, ShuuyaMom![Action: The children run toward the door.]Y.Genya	Ah…Wait! Don’t open the door! It might not be Mom --[Action: Shizu slashes through the door, killing all four children.]Y.Genya	Ah…!Ahh… Ahhh!Shizu	Grr![Action: Shizu slashes Genya’s face.]Y.Genya	Ah![Action: Shizu slashes the light fixture.]Shizu	Grr…Y.Genya	(Thoughts) Is it a beast? A stray dog? No, it’s a wolf!(Thoughts) I can’t see it! It’s too dark!Shizu	Urahh![Action: Shizu charges toward Genya.]Y.Genya	(Thoughts) It’s so fast![Action: Sanemi charges Shizu and pushes her back.]Y.Sanemi	Ngh!Genya! Run!Y.Genya	Big Brother!Ahh… Ah! Ahh… Koto! Ah… Shuuya! Ah… Hiroshi! Teiko! Sumi!P-Put pressure on your wounds!I’ll go get the doctor right away! Just hang on a little longer![Action: Genya runs out of the room. The sun begins to rise.]Y.Genya	(Thoughts) Wh-What’s going on? What was that thing just now?! Where’s Big Brother?No, right now, I have to see to their wounds!Ah![Action: Sanemi stands covered in blood at the top of the hill.]Y.Genya	Ah… Big Brother --[Action: Shizu lies dead at Sanemi’s feet.]Y.Genya	Ah… Mom! Ahhh!Mom! Mom! Why’d you do it?! Why’d you do it?! Why’d you kill our mother?![Action: Genya cries loudly.]Y.Genya	Ahhh! Ahhh! You murderer! You murderer![Scene: In the present. Sekido prepares to kill Genya.]Genya	(Thoughts) I’m sorry I said those awful things, Big Brother. (Thoughts) It’s all… It’s all just excuses, but I was in a panic.(Thoughts) Shuuya, Hiroshi, Koto, Teiko, and Sumi were all lying there dead, not answering me…(Thoughts) “It’s over.” I knew that I was about to die, and that wolf… What I thought was a wolf was our mother, who’d turned into a demon.(Thoughts) You fought her to protect us, running outside where day was starting to break. When you first realized it was Mom who’d attacked our family… how did it make you feel, Big Brother?(Thoughts) When you stood there, shattered after killing our beloved mother and the brother you’d fought tooth and nail to protect denounced you, how did that make you feel?(Thoughts) When we’d only just promised each other to protect the family together…[Scene: In Genya’s past. Young Sanemi pulls a cart as Genya walks with him.]Y.Sanemi	(Flashback) Genya.Y.Genya	(Flashback) Ah…Y.Sanemi	(Flashback) Let’s protect our family together, you and me.Y.Genya	(Flashback) Ah…Y.Sanemi	(Flashback) Dad got himself stabbed, and now he’s dead. I feel a lot easier with him out of the picture… but without a father around, everyone will feel lonely.Y.Genya	(Flashback) Ah…Y.Sanemi	(Flashback) From now on, you and I are going to protect Mom and our siblings. Got that?Y.Genya	(Flashback) Ah… Ahh… What you mean is “from now on, too”, right?Y.Sanemi	(Flashback) Ah…Y.Genya	(Flashback) Hmm!Y.Sanemi	(Flashback) Heh… Fufu… Hahahaha![Scene: In the present. Sekido’s staff inches closer to Genya’s neck.]Genya	(Thoughts) Sorry, Big Brother. I’m going to die without getting a chance to say I’m sorry.(Thoughts) And that memory of you smiling at me will be the last thing I see…(Thoughts) I have no talent, Big Brother. I can’t use breathing techniques, and I’ll never become a Hashira.(Thoughts) Unless I become a Hashira, I can never meet the other Hashira. I gave it my all, but it was beyond me.Sanemi	(Flashback) A slowpoke like you is no brother of mine! Just quit the Demon Slayer Corps!Genya	(Thoughts) But why? I am your brother!Tanjirou	Genya!![Action: Tanjirou charges toward Genya and Sekido.]Tanjirou	Don’t give up!Genya	Ah![Action: Tanjirou cuts through Sekido’s arm again. Sekido’s staff grazes Genya’s neck.]Sekido	Gah!Tanjirou	Go after it again!Genya	Ah!Tanjirou	Slash it again!Whatever you do, don’t give up! This time, you’ll make it! I’ll protect you, all right?Don’t think about anything else but beheading it!Genya	Ah…Tanjirou	Aren’t you going to become a Hashira, Genya Shinazugawa?!Genya	Ah![Action: Aizetsu appears behind Tanjirou.]Genya	Ah!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh no! Behind us!Aizetsu	Weeping Spears![Action: Aizetsu attacks. The attack hits Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This is bad! I’m hit! Squarely!Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou falls to his knees.]Tanjirou	Huh?Ah…Genya	Go…Tanjirou	Ah… Genya![Action: Tanjirou turns to see Genya’s body full of holes.]Genya	I can’t… behead it…You be the one… to behead it!Tanjirou	Ah…Genya	Just this once… I’m going to…Tanjirou	Genya…Genya	… let you have it!Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou runs after Hantengu.]Genya	Ngh…[Action: Aizetsu prepares to attack Genya.]Genya	Ngh![Action: Genya fires his gun at Aizetsu.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’ll do it… no matter what… Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees Hantengu running through the bushes.]Hantengu	Eek…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There it is!Ngh…(Thoughts) Ngh… It’s tiny!Hantengu	Eek…Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Tanjirou gives chase.]Hantengu	Eek…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) You’re not getting away.Hantengu	Eek…[Action: Tanjirou blocks Hantengu’s path.]Hantengu	Ah!Eek… Eekk!Tanjirou	Urahhh![Action: Tanjirou raises his sword, and it goes ablaze.]  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.07Title: Awful VillainCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Genya Shinazugawa, Muichirou Tokitou, Hotaru Haganezuka, Kozou Kanamori, Kotetsu, Gyokko, Hantengu, Zouhakuten, demonsJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the forests around the Swordsmith Village. Tanjirou chases after Hantengu.]Hantengu	Eek…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) You’re not getting away!Hantengu	Eek…[Action: Tanjirou cuts off Hantengu’s path.]Hantengu	Ahh!Tanjirou	Ngh… Hantengu	Eek… Eeek! Tanjirou	Urahhh![Action: Tanjirou prepares to swing. His sword glows with Nezuko’s flame. Hantengu continues to run.]Hantengu	Eek…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s tiny… and hard to target!Hantengu	Errr… Eek…[Action: Tanjirou’s sword hits Hantengu’s neck.]Hantengu	Gahh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) All right! I can do it!Hantengu	Gahhh![Scene: In the forests around the Swordsmith Village. Tanjirou’s sword cuts into Hantengu’s neck.]Hantengu	Gahhh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ngh… What a horrible voice! My ears!(Thoughts) But… I can do it! I can behead it!Hantengu	Gahhh!Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Zouhakuten appears behind Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) What’s this? Behind me… There’s something behind me!(Thoughts) Joy, anger, sorrow, pleasure… This doesn’t smell like any other demon! (Thoughts) What’s behind me? What should I do?[Action: Tanjirou continues cutting into Hantengu’s neck.]Hantengu	Gahhh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m just going to focus on slashing its head off! If I can just behead it, I’m sure--Hantengu	Gahhh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s too hard! I can’t slash any further! The power from Nezuko’s blood has run out, too![Action: Genya points his gun toward Zouhakuten.]Genya	Tanjirou! Get out of the way!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s no good. That was the wrong call!Genya	Ngh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Genya can’t fire his gun without hitting me as well![Action: Zouhakuten creates a dagger in his hand.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh, crap![Action: Zouhakuten strikes his drum.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Here comes an attack![Action: Tanjirou turns around and blocks his face with his arm. An explosion rings through the area, and Zouhakuten’s wooden dragons fly through the air. Tanjirou maneuvers around them.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ah!Ngh… Ah![Action: A wooden dragon attacks Tanjirou, but Nezuko tackles him out of the way.]Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Nezuko![Action: Nezuko regenerates her arm and leg. She and Tanjirou fall to the ground.]Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ngh… Ugh…Nezuko! Are you okay?Nezuko	Ugh… Ngh… Ngh…Tanjirou	Nezuko!Nezuko	Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou turns to see that Nezuko’s body has regenerated.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Daijoubu da. Te mo ashi mo, saisei shite iru!She’ll be fine. Her arms and legs have regenerated!Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Ah!Zouhakuten	You brutal fiends who torment the weak… Atrocious… Offensive… to the extreme.[Action: Zouhakuten glares at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah!Zouhakuten	Damn you, awful villains…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) A sixth… demon?(Thoughts) Another one showed up? Come on, enough is enough! (Thoughts) No. That’s not the sixth one.(Thoughts) The four Emotions… There’s no trace of the other demons!Genya	(Thoughts) What the hell is this?! What’s going on here?! (Thoughts) That one was the Anger Demon just a second ago!(Thoughts) The moment Tanjirou’s sword nearly slashed that tiny demon’s neck… the Anger Demon raised both hands!(Thoughts) And in the blink of an eye, he drew in the Joy Demon and the Pleasure Demon! He pulverized their flesh, then absorbed both demons!(Thoughts) Then, in another instant, the Anger Demon moved toward Aizetsu!(Thoughts) Aizetsu opened his mouth as if to protest, but he was absorbed before he could get a word out!(Thoughts) The Anger Demon’s body transformed… and turned into that!Zouhakuten	(Flashback) Gahh!Genya	(Thoughts) What’s up with that?!(Thoughts) He absorbed those three demons? Did he fuse with them?!Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Genya reloads his gun.]Genya	(Thoughts) This wasn’t a split, but he got even younger!(Thoughts) He’s a kid! He’s surpassed the probably main body, the old geezer and fused!Hantengu	Eeek…[Action: Zouhakuten strikes a drum, and a wooden dragon shields Hantengu.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh, crap! The main body’s being surrounded!Hold up![Action: Zouhakuten glares at Tanjirou again, and Tanjirou freezes.]Tanjirou	Ah…!(Thoughts) I can’t breathe! It’s so overpowering! (Thoughts) My heart hurts!Genya	Ngh… Ugh…Zouhakuten	What is it?You wretch… Do you have a problem with what I’m doing?Tanjirou	Ngh!Genya	Ah…Nezuko	Ngh…Zouhakuten	Well… you awful villains?Genya	Ah…(Thoughts) So heavy! That voice! That force!(Thoughts) It’s sapping the strength from my limbs… I can’t stay on my feet![Action: Tanjirou’s hand shakes.]Tanjirou	Wh-What makes… What makes us awful villains?Zouhakuten	It’s because you torment the weak. Right? Just now, you tried to slash a small, weak being who could fit in the palm of your hand.Hantengu	Errr… Eeek… Err…Zouhakuten	Utterly atrocious… Only a pure fiend would do that.Tanjirou	Small, weak being?[Action: Tanjirou steels his nerves.]Tanjirou	Who… Who’s small and weak? Don’t give me that!The scent you’re giving off, the scent of blood… It’s not just 100 or even 200 humans that you’ve devoured!What did those people ever do to you?Did they all do something they had to pay for with their lives?Don’t you dare play the victim card after killing and eating scores of people! You’re twisted through and through! You won’t get away with this!You evil demon… I’ll be the one to behead you![Scene: In the forest surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Genya prepare to fight Zouhakuten.]Genya	Ngh…(Thoughts) That demon… How can it be so overpowering? I can’t move a muscle!Tanjirou	Ngh…Zouhakuten	Is that all you have to say?Tanjirou	I’m going to… cut your head off!Zouhakuten	Were any of the humans I devoured members of your family?Tanjirou	Ah… No…Zouhakuten	Then it has nothing to do with you.Tanjirou	That’s not what I’m talking about! People like that, people who will suffer the same way after this… I’m not letting any more go through that!Zouhakuten	Surely you have nothing to do with those people, either.Tanjirou	What kind of reason does one person need to help another?!If you can’t understand something like that, then you’re the fiend!Zouhakuten	Grr![Action: Zouhakuten strikes his drum. His wooden dragons fly toward Tanjirou and Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Tokitou floats in Gyokko’s water prison.]Gyokko	Hyo, hyo, hyo! That look of fake stoicism… How very sublime it is! My creative juices are simply gushing!Not that I wouldn’t love to stay and watch you die in there a bit longer… but first, I’ll be taking a look inside this shack.Now, what on earth could they be protecting so fiercely here? Hyo, hyo, hyo![Action: Gyokko retreats into his pot.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) With the air left in my lungs… I can just manage one more attack! (Thoughts) Mist Breathing, First Form… Low Clouds Distance Haze![Action: Tokitou attacks the water prison but can’t pierce through.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) I can’t break through even with this thrust attack. It’s no wonder, given how badly chipped this sword is.(Thoughts) It’s futile. It’s over.(Thoughts) I hope that help is on the way.(Thoughts) Master, I’m going to die… so please send at least two Hashira.[Action: Tokitou closes his eyes.]Tanjirou	(Imagination) What makes you think that?Tokitou	(Thoughts) Ah…[Action: Tokitou finds Tanjirou standing before him.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) Ahh…Tanjirou	(Imagination) What makes you think that?(Imagination) Nobody knows what the future holds.Tokitou	(Thoughts) What’s that? No, wait.(Thoughts) Tanjirou never said such a thing to me. (Thoughts) So who did say it?[Action: Gyokko appears in the doorway of the shed. Kanamori tries to block him.]Kanamori	No, you don’t! I won’t let you inside!Gyokko	Hyo, hyo! Why do you even bother?Could it be that you actually think you can fend me off somehow?Kanamori	Ngh…Gyokko	Hyo, hyo, hyo! Well, that’s… comical!Kanamori	Ngh… Uraah!Gyokko	Hyo![Action: Kanamori swings at Gyokko but is cut by Gyokko’s water attack.]Kanamori	Gah!Gahh! Ngh..Gyokko	What good will it do you to frantically defend this sorry shack? The village chief wouldn’t be here, right?Kanamori	Ngh… Ugh..Gyokko	Hm?[Action: Haganezuka works on the sword without distraction.]Gyokko	Hmm?Haganezuka	Extraordinary steel… What an extraordinary sword.Gyokko	(Thoughts) That human is young. The body of someone not yet 40. Surely he’s not the chief.Haganezuka	What brilliant craftsmanship… It’s stunning!Gyokko	Hmm!Hey, you human there!Haganezuka	Who is the creator? By what kind of person was this sword forged? Why did he carve this single character rather than his own name? No! I understand! I understand why!Gyokko	(Thoughts) Damn him! What kind of focus is that?! He’s so immersed that he’s unaware of me!(Thoughts) I… I don’t like this!(Thoughts) Even I’ve never concentrated this hard! As an artist, I feel inferior! Grr… Ngh![Action: Gyokko sends a water attack toward Haganezuka and lands the hit, but Haganezuka doesn’t move.]Gyokko	Heh!Kanamori	Stop it! Mr. Haganezuka![Action: Haganezuka continues to work.]Kanamori	M-Mr. Haganezuka…Gyokko	(Thoughts) What the?!Ngh![Action: Gyokko continues to attack Haganezuka, but Haganezuka doesn’t flinch.]Kanamori	Eek!Haganezuka	Ngh…Gyokko	(Thoughts) Th-That man still refuses to stop!Haganezuka The reason why he didn’t carve his name into such an incredible sword… This single character! This sword was forged with nothing but single-minded determination! This sword was forged for this sole purpose and nothing else!Kanamori	Mr. Haganezuka!Gyokko	Grr…(Thoughts) I don’t like this! It would be child’s play to kill him, but I want to somehow make this man abandon that sword! I want to shatter his concentration![Action: Tokitou’s vision begins to fade.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) My vision is getting distorted. (Thoughts) I’m dying. I’m out of air.Tanjirou	(Imagination) You can’t decide for yourself when it’s all over.Tokitou	(Thoughts) You never told me that.Tanjirou	(Imagination) I promise you, it will be all right. Don’t give up. Someone will save you for sure.Tokitou	(Thoughts) Come on. So I have to leave it to someone else? That’s the worst thing I could do.Tanjirou	(Imagination) This is about all anyone can do on their own. That’s why people join forces and work together.Tokitou	(Thoughts) There’s no one who can save me. Everyone’s weaker than I am.(Thoughts) I’m the one who should’ve been stronger, but I misjudged myself. I overestimated my own skills subconsciously… because I’m a Hashira.Tanjirou	(Imagination) You’re not wrong, Muichirou. You’ll be fine.Tokitou	(Thoughts) I’m going to die because I made more than one mistake.[Action: Kotetsu appears and tries to stab through the water prison with a knife.]Kotetsu	Ngh…Tokitou	(Thoughts) Ah…Kotetsu	Mr. Tokitou!I won’t let you die! Mr. Tokitou, hang in there!I’ll get you out, no matter what! I’m going to save you! Ugh… Crap! What is this?! It’s all rubbery and disgusting!Tokitou	(Thoughts) If even I can’t slash through it, how on earth can you? (Thoughts) You have bigger priorities than me right now.Kotetsu	Ngh! Ngh!Tokitou	(Thoughts) Protect the chief.(Thoughts) Oh, that would be beyond you. At least make a run for it with as many swords as you can hold.(Thoughts) Ah…Kotetsu	Ngh! Ngh! Ngh![Action: A fish demon comes from behind Kotetsu.]Demon	Grrr…Tokitou	(Thoughts) What are you doing? Behind you! (Thoughts) Hello! Behind you![Action: The demon attacks Kotetsu.]Kotetsu	Ah! Ngh… Ow!Demon	Grrr…Kotetsu	Ah… Blood!Tokitou	(Thoughts) What are you doing? What are you doing?! Just run! Hurry the hell up!Demon	Urah![Action: The demon stabs Kotetsu in the chest.]Kotetsu	Gah…Tokitou	(Thoughts) Ah…!Demon	Grrr!Kotetsu	Ah… Ahh…Tokitou	(Thoughts) His solar plexus… He got stabbed in a vital point.(Thoughts) He’s going to die.Kotetsu	Ngh…[Action: Kotetsu stumbles toward Tokitou.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) You’re not strong enough! Why don’t you get it?! (Thoughts) Put pressure on that wound! Get the hell out of here!(Thoughts) Stay away from me! Don’t try to save me! There’s nothing you can do![Action: Kotetsu takes a breath and blows air into the water prison.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) Ah![Action: Tokitou breathes the air from Kotetsu’s bubbles.]Tanjirou	(Flashback) Whatever you do for others comes around to help you in the end, as well.[Action: As Tokitou continues to breathe in the air, a vision of Tokitou’s father appears.]Father	(Thoughts) And humans are creatures who can summon unbelievable strength for the sake of someone other than themselves… Muichirou.Tokitou	(Thoughts) Yes, I know.(Thoughts) Mist Breathing, Second Form… Eight-Layered Mist![Action: Tokitou successfully cuts through the water prison and falls to the ground.]Tokitou	Ugh!(Thoughts) I remember now, Tanjirou.(Thoughts) My father had the same red eyes as you!  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.08Title: The Mu in MuichiroCharacter List:Muichirou Tokitou (Tokitou) / young Tokitou (Y.Tokitou), Yuuichirou Tokitou, Kouzou Kanamori, Kotetsu, Tetsuido, Tokitou’s father (Father), Tokitou’s mother (Mother), Gyokko, demonJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the forest surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Tokitou breaks out of Gyokko’s water prison and coughs violently. After catching his breath, he begins taking out the poison needles.]Tokitou	Ngh![Action: Tokitou’s hands shake.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) The numbness is so severe… These needles… (Thoughts) I may have escaped the water pot, but I’m not…[Action: Tokitou takes out more of the poison needles and sees Kotetsu on the ground.]Tokitou	K-Kotetsu…[Action: Smaller demons begin approaching Kotetsu’s body.]Demons	Grr… Grr, grr… Grrr…Tokitou	Ngh…(Thoughts) My strength… is sapped.Demons	Urah![Action: The demons jump toward Kotetsu.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) There’s nothing… I can do…Father	(Flashback) I know you can do it, Muichirou. Now, on your feet!Tokitou	(Thoughts) Father…[Scene: In the past, in a forest. A young Tokitou struggles to stand up with a load of sticks on his back.]Y.Tokitou	Ngh…Tokitou	(Narration) That’s right. My father was a woodcutter. And as his son, I would help him cut down trees.[Action: Tokitou’s father cuts down a tree.]Father	Phew…Tokitou	(Narration) I…Father	Hm? Haha…Tokitou	(Narration) I… liked helping my father work.[Scene: At night, at Tokitou’s home. Tokitou’s mother coughs violently.]Tokitou	Mother, are you all right? Father’s out getting you herbs right now.Mother![Action: Tokitou’s mother breathes heavily. Tokitou takes the towel from her forehead and feels her fever.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) She’s burning up.[Action: Tokitou rinses the towel and puts it back on her head. He gets up.]Tokitou	Ngh…Here, take my blanket. How’s that, Mother?Mother	I’m cold…Tokitou	Ah… Ngh…[Action: Tokitou lies down with his mother.]Tokitou	Father will be back soon, all right?[Scene: In the forest. Tokitou’s father trudges through the rain.]Father	Ah…[Action: Tokitou’s father sees the herbs he needs.]Father	Ah… Ngh…[Action: Tokitou’s father reaches out for the herbs, but they’re just out of reach.]Father	Ngh… Ugh… Ngh… Ah![Action: Tokitou’s father slips and falls.]Tokitou	(Narration) That day, I lost both my mother and father… people dear to me, at once.[Scene: A new day. Tokitou stands before his parents’ graves.]Tokitou	(Narration) My parents died when I was ten. I found myself alone at ten.Yuuichirou	Muichirou?Y.Tokitou	Ah…Tokitou	(Narration) No, that’s not right. I was 11 when I found myself alone. (Narration) I… had a twin.(Narration) My brother’s name was Yuuichirou.[Scene: In the forest. Tokitou and Yuuichirou gather wood.]Yuuichirou	Compassion does no good for anyone. Doing something for others won’t get youanywhere.Y.Tokitou	You’re wrong. Whatever you do for others comes around to help you, as well, in the end.That’s what Father said.Yuuichirou	You can’t trust the word of a man who died trying to help someone else.Y.Tokitou	Why would you say that? It was for Mother’s sake --Yuuichirou	As if some herbs would’ve healed her in that state. It’s beyond stupid.Y.Tokitou	That’s an awful thing to say, Brother!Yuuichirou	If he hadn’t gone out in the middle of a storm, we would’ve only lost Mother.Y.Tokitou	Don’t say things like that! That’s going too far!Yuuichirou	I’m only telling you how it is. Don’t yell. It’s too noisy. You might attract some boars.The “mu” in Muichirou means “incompetence”. This conversation is meaningless. You can’t change the past.The “mu” in Muichirou means “meaningless”.Y.Tokitou	Ngh…Tokitou	(Narration) My brother always spoke harshly. I have a feeling that, in a way, I was like him when I had amnesia.(Narration) My life with my brother was stifling. I was sure that he despised me, and I thought he was a cold person.(Narration) The seasons changed… and it was spring.[Scene: The next spring, at Tokitou’s home. Yuuichirou puts the firewood away. Tokitou prepares to get water.]Y.Tokitou	I’m going to go fetch some water, okay?Yuuichirou	You still haven’t gotten around to it?Y.Tokitou	Mm…[Action: Tokitou heads out to the river and gets water.]Y.Tokitou	Ah…[Action: Amane appears and bows from across the river.]Tokitou	(Narration) She was so beautiful that at first, I thought she was a white birch spirit.[Scene: At Tokitou’s house. Tokitou meets with Amane.]Tokitou	(Narration) This person was the Master’s wife, and she had travelled this far up the mountain to visit us. But…Yuuichirou	Tsk…[Action: Yuuichirou kicks Amane out of the house.]Tokitou	(Narration) … in the end, my brother just spewed his usual insults and drove Lady Amane away.[Scene: Sometime later. Tokitou gushes about Amane’s visit as Yuuichiou prepares dinner.]Y.Tokitou	Can you believe it? She says we’re descended from swordsmen! Descendants of an amazing swordsman who used something called “First Breathing” no less!Yuuichirou	What do I care? Wash the rice already.Y.Tokitou	Listen! Let’s become swordsmen!I can’t believe that demons actually exist in this world, but if we can do something to help… Come on! Let’s save the people who are suffering because of those demons!I bet you and I can --[Action: Yuuichirou slams his knife on the cutting board.]Y.Tokitou	Ah…Yuuichirou	What the hell do you think you can do?!Someone who can’t even cook rice on his own becoming a swordsman?! Save others?! Give me a break, will you?!Seriously, you’re exactly like Father and Mother, aren’t you?! You’re too optimistic! How does your mind even work?!Just like Mother, who worked without telling us she was unwell until she collapsed! Just like Father, who went out in a storm to find herbs!After all… After all I did to try to stop him! After I begged Mother to rest over and over! You know who can help others? Only the chosen ones!Our ancestors may have been swordsmen, but what can kids like us to?!Want me to tell you what it is we can do? What you and I can do is die like dogs and die in vain! Because we’re Father and Mother’s children!We’re only going to be used by that woman! There’s no way she’s not plotting something! We’re never gonna talk about this again! Got that?! Now hurry up and get dinner ready!Tokitou	(Narration) After that, we stopped talking to each other.(Narration) Except for the one time we fought when my brother hurled water at Lady Amane, who continued to visit us.[Scene: A new day. Tokitou struggles to move a log.]Y.Tokitou	Ah… Ahh![Action: Tokitou falls backward with a log. Yuuichirou moves a log by himself. Tokitou gets back up and moves the log.]Y.Tokitou	Ngh…Ngh… Ugh… Urgh…Tokitou	(Narration) Then, summer came. It was hot that summer, and my brother and I were always irritable.[Scene: At night, in the summer. Yuuichirou and Tokitou sleep with the door open.]Tokitou	(Narration) It was hot even at night, and the cicadas were singing.[Action: Tokitou rolls over in his sleep.]Y.Tokitou	Ngh…Ngh… Haa…[Action: Tokitou wakes up.]Y.Tokitou	Ngh…[Action: Tokitou gets up and drinks some water.]Tokitou	Haa…[Action: Tokitou turns to look at Yuuichirou. Yuuichirou wakes up.]Yuuichirou	Ah…[Action: A demon appears in the house.]Y.Tokitou	Ah!Demon	Oh, hell… Just a couple of brats?Tsk… Well, whatever.Yuuichirou	Muichirou![Action: The demon slashes at Tokitou, but Yuuichirou jumps in the way. His arm is cut off.]Yuuichirou	Ahhh! It hurts! It hurts!Y.Tokitou	Brother! Brother!Yuuichirou	Ahh!Demon	Hehehe…[Action: Tokitou drags Yuuichirou toward the back of the home.]Y.Tokitou	Eek…Yuuichirou	Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!Demon	Shut up. Shut up![Action: The demon walks toward Tokitou and Yuuichirou.]Demon	Not a sound. A couple of poor woodcutters like you are totally useless anyway.It doesn’t matter whether you exist or not. Your lives are that worthless!Tokitou	(Narration) At that moment, all I could see was red.(Narration) It was a violent rage I’d never felt before that seemed to be boiling over from the pit of my stomach.(Narration) I really don’t remember what happened next. A monstrous roar I couldn’t believe…Y.Tokitou	Urahhh!Tokitou	(Narration) … was coming from my own throat, from my own mouth.[Scene: Sometime later. Tokitou wakes up from his stupor.]Y.Tokitou	Ah…[Action: Tokitou finds the demon on the ground in front of him, its legs torn off, body pierced with multiple stakes, and head crushed by a large boulder.]Demon	Ahh…Tokitou	(Narration) The next thing I knew, the demon was on the brink of death. But apparently, it couldn’t die even with its head smashed in, so it was suffering.Demon	Urgh… Ugh… Ugh… Ahhh![Action: The sun rises, and the demon begins to disintegrate.]Demon	Ahhh![Action: Tokitou drops his hatchet and turns back toward the house.]Tokitou	(Narration) Soon after, the sun came up, and the demon turned to dust and vanished. But I truly couldn’t care less about that.Y.Tokitou	Ahh…[Action: Tokitou trips and falls.]Tokitou	(Narration) All I wanted was to go to Yuuichirou, but suddenly, my body was as heavy as lead. It took me what felt like ages just to reach the house in front of me.[Action: Tokitou crawls to the doorway.]Y.Tokitou	Ugh… Ngh… Ugh…[Action: Yuuichirou lies on Tokitou’s bed on the verge of death.]Yuuichirou	Please… I beg of you… Y.Tokitou	Brother… Are you alive? Brother! [Action: Tokitou stumbles toward his bed but falls.]Y.Tokitou	Gah…Ngh…Yuuichirou	Dear God… Buddha… Please… Please… just save my brother…Y.Tokitou	Ah…[Action: Tokitou begins to cry.]Yuuichirou	My brother… is not like me. He’s a kindhearted kid. He says he wants to help others… but I got in his way.I’m… the only one… to blame. If you’re going to punish anyone, then… let it be only me. I’ve always known… The truth is… the “mu” in Muichirou…Y.Tokitou	Ngh… Ugh…[Action: Tokitou grabs his brother’s hand.][Scene: In the present. Tokitou wakes up. His Demon Slayer mark appears on his face.]Tokitou	Ngh…Yuuichirou	(Flashback) … means “infinity”.Tokitou	(Thoughts) Mist Breathing, Fourth Form…Demons	Grr…[Action: Tokitou slices through the demons in one attack.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) Shifting Flow Slash![Action: Kotetsu coughs.]Tokitou	Kotetsu!Kotetsu	Mr. Tokitou… Don’t worry about me. Save… Mr. Haganezuka! Protect… the swords!Tokitou	Right.[Scene: In the shed. Gyokko grits his teeth as Haganezuka continues to work on the sword with unmatched focus.]Gyokko	Grrr!(Thoughts) Damn him! Damn him! This man! This human! (Thoughts) He still won’t stop honing after all I’ve done to him!(Thoughts) Even when I destroyed his eye, he kept honing without so much as crying out!Kanamori	Ngh… Ugh…Gyokko	(Thoughts) I know! If I tell him I’m going to kill that one…[Action: Tokitou slashes at Gyokko.]Gyokko	Ngh![Action: Gyokko disappears into his pot and teleports.]Gyokko	(Thoughts) He escaped the Water Prison Pot! How on earth… I have no idea! I thought his death was imminent, so my mind wasn’t on him at all!(Thoughts) No, wait a second. On the other hand, that shows how focused I was! Yes! (Thoughts) Hm? Hold on, hold on, hold on! What is that mark?(Thoughts) According to the information Lord Muzan gave me, that child with the earrings also has a similar mark… No, never mind that! How can you stand there looking so nonchalant? My attack should’ve paralyzed your body!(Thoughts) How were you able to summon even greater speed to wound me?![Action: Tokitou launches forward.]Gyokko	Octopus Vase Hell![Action: Octopus tentacles appear from Gyokko’s pot, breaking a sword.]Kanamori	Lord Tokitou! Gah![Action: The octopus tentacles hit Kanamori and explode from the house. Haganezuka is knocked to the side.]Gyokko	Hyo, hyo! How do you like how springy this octopus flesh is? Surely you can’t slash this![Action: Haganezuka gets up, rights his grinding block, and continues to polish the sword.]Gyokko	(Thoughts) Still honing that sword. Is he a fool? He’s not in his right mind.(Thoughts) But that’s sublime in its own way! That swordsmith can wait! First, the Hashira!I wasn’t really trying earlier. This time, I’m going to crush him for sure, then absorb him![Action: Tokitou cuts through the tentacles.]Gyokko	Wha?!Tokitou	You made this sword for me… Thank you, Mr. Kanamori.Kanamori	N-No! All I did was… follow the instructions of your first swordsmith!Tokitou	That’s right. It was Mr. Tetsuido who forged my first sword for me. He passed away from heart disease.Gyokko	(Thoughts) Hmph! No matter how many times you replace your sword, it won’t change a thing![Action: Tokitou raises his sword.]Tokitou	Ahh… It fits like a glove.Tetsuido	(Flashback) I worry about you, boy. Who will ever understand what you’re going through, how you have no time for anything else, how you’re barely getting by and have nobreathing room, how anxious you are because you can’t remember anything, and how you strive so hard that you vomit blood? Who will ever understand all that?(Flashback) Whenever I see the swords you’ve used, it brings tears to my eyes.(Flashback) I won’t be around much longer. Not that I want to cling to life at my age, but I just can’t stop worrying about you.Tokitou	(Thoughts) Mr. Tetsuido, I’m sorry. I know I made you worry. But I’m… all right now.[Action: Gyokko releases an attack. Tokitou charges forward.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) Mist Breathing, Fifth Form… Sea of Clouds and Haze![Action: Tokitou slashes at Gyokko’s neck, but Gyokko disappears into his pot again. He teleports into a tree.]Gyokko	Well, that was some rapid-fire chopping, but you don’t seem to be able to keep up with my vase’s speed!Tokitou	Are you sure about that?Gyokko	What?Tokitou	It looks like your senses have totally dulled. It’s because you’ve lived for hundreds of years.[Action: A cut appears on Gyokko’s neck.]Gyokko	Ah!Tokitou	I’m going to slash you next time. I have better things to do than play your stupid vase game all day.Gyokko	Heh… Don’t underestimate me, you brat![Action: Gyokko teleports behind Tokitou and unleashes an attack.]Tokitou	Ah…Gyokko	Urah![Action: Tokitou dodges the attack.]Yuuichirou	(Flashback) Muichirou… Sorry I couldn’t be more gentle with you.[Action: Goldfish demons spit needles toward Tokitou.]Demons	Urahh!Yuuichirou	(Flashback) I just could never… afford to be that way.[Action: Tokitou dodges the attack.]Yuuichirou	(Flashback) Being kind to others… is one more thing that only the chosen ones can do.Gyokko	Urah![Action: Gyokko launches another attack.]Yuuichirou	(Flashback) But, Muichirou… no matter how virtuous a life you may lead, neither the gods nor Buddha will protect you in the end. That’s why I thought I had to protect you.(Flashback) Muichirou… You’re not like me.(Flashback) For the sake of someone other than yourself, you can exert infinite strength.[Action: Tokitou cuts through Gyokko’s octopus vase attack.]Yuuichirou	(Flashback) You’re one of the chosen ones.  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.09Title: Mist Hashira Muichiro TokitoCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Genya Shinazugawa, Muichirou Tokitou (Tokitou) / young Tokitou (Y.Tokitou), Mitsuri Kanroji, Amane Ubuyashiki, Nichika Ubuyashiki, Hinaki Ubuyashiki, Kouzou Kanamori, Kotetsu, Yuuichirou Tokitou, Tokitou’s father (Father), Gyokko, ZouhakutenJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the forest surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Haganezuka continues to polish the sword. Kanamori stands nearby and watches the fight.]Kanamori	L-Lord Tokitou…[Action: Gyokko disappears into his pot.]Gyokko	Don’t underestimate me, you brat…[Scene: In the forest surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Tokitou prepares to fight Gyokko.]Tokitou	Hey, it’s not like I’m underestimating you. I’m just stating a fact. You’re only going to get beheaded by me and die anyway.I mean, for some reason, I’m really in the zone right now… I wonder why.Gyokko	The way you’re speaking to me is disrespectful, you miserable brat! After only having lived for ten years or so![Action: Gyokko disappears in his pot and emerges from the ground behind Tokitou.]Tokitou	Even if that’s true, there isn’t one thing about you that I can respect.The way you look and the way you talk are both totally creepy.Gyokko	You can’t appreciate my beauty, my grace, nor my elegance because you’re uneducated and poor!Just like a dung beetle can’t read even if you show it a book!Tokitou	I don’t know, you seem more likely to be living in dung.Gyokko	Shut up, dung beetle! Look at you with your short limbs and undersized blade! You can’t even reach my neck!Tokitou	No, didn’t I just reach it with a vengeance? And in the first place, your limbs are shorter… Oh, wait. Were you just thinking out loud about yourself? Sorry to interrupt.Gyokko	Hyo, hyo! My, what a cheap insult. Did you think that was enough to fluster me? I can see that you’ll do anything to win! Not a pretty sight!Tokitou	Hmm… Hmm…Gyokko	Hyo, hyo! What is it?Tokitou	It’s really bugging me. Isn’t that vase of yours kind of misshapen? It doesn’t look symmetrical.What a piece of crap.Gyokko	That’s because your eyeballs are rotten, dammit!!My vase! How the hell is it misshapen?![Action: Gyokko releases an attack of slime fish.]Gyokko	Blood Demon Art… Ten Thousand Gliding Slime Fish![Action: Tokitou dodges the attack.]Gyokko	These 10,000 assassins will pick you to the bone! And I’ll make you part of one of my works!Tokitou	(Thoughts) Mist Breathing…[Action: Tokitou launches forward and slices through Gyokko’s attack.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) Sixth Form… Lunar Dispersing Mist.Gyokko	(Thoughts) H-He slashed them all?!(Thoughts) That speed and that attack range! What happened to my poison?! (Thoughts) Unexpected! But even so, no harm, no foul!(Thoughts) Those fish will disperse poison before they turn to dust after being slashed by that Nichirin sword!(Thoughts) Transdermal poison, no less! So it can also be absorbed through the skin! (Thoughts) Get hit with that, and you’re done!Tokitou	(Thoughts) Mist Breathing, Third Form, Scattering Mist Splash![Action: Tokitou slashes the air, dispelling the fish away from him.]Gyokko	(Thoughts) What the hell?! That one swing blasted them all away![Action: Tokitou launches forward.]Gyokko	Ah![Action: Tokitou slashes Gyokko’s neck, but only his skin.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) You can shed your skin, too?Oh, what a pain in the butt. Would you mind not dodging and racing up trees?[Action: Gyokko appears in a tree in his true form.]Gyokko	Hyo, hyo, hyo! Allow me to show you my true form!Tokitou	Sure.Gyokko	Heh… You’re just the third person to see me in this state.Tokitou	So a lot of us, huh?Gyokko	Shut up! No one has ever lived to tell the tale after I’ve started taking it seriously!Tokitou	That’s amazing.Gyokko	Shut your mouth, you dim-witted brat!These translucent scales are even harder and stronger than diamonds! I kneaded them myself inside my vase! Behold, my perfect beauty… and bow down in awe![Action: Tokitou stares blankly at Gyokko.]Gyokko	Heh… Ahh…Why don’t you say something, you useless puppet?! You really know how to rub someone the wrong way, brat!Tokitou	But you just told me to shut my mouth.Not to mention… it didn’t really surprise me.[Action: Gyokko launches toward Tokitou and attacks. Tokitou dodges easily and stops in a tree. Part of his uniform turns into fish.]Gyokko	Hyo, hyo, hyo! Didn’t you just tell me not to race up trees? What a hassle!Tokitou	No, that was just because it stunk. I thought my nose was going to fall off.Gyokko	What do you think of my godlike power? Everything I touch with my fist turns into lovely fresh fish! And this speed! The flexible yet tough springs of my body! Not only that, but these rippling scales allow me to move without restraint! Free as a bird!You’re trembling, huh? Are you terrified? I still wasn’t serious when I launched that attack just now!Huh?Tokitou	Even the most jaw-dropping attack is pointless if you can’t land it, right? (Thoughts) Remember… that boiling fury.(Thoughts) I watched as maggots infested my beloved brother’s body, and he began to rot.(Thoughts) Then, the maggots started on me, as well, and I found myself on the brink of death.[Scene: In the past. Amane finds Tokitou on the brink of death.]Amane	(Flashback) Boil some water right away! Apply some clean cloths to the wounds!Nichika	(Flashback) Yes!Y.Tokitou	(Flashback) Ngh…Amane	(Flashback) How’s he doing?Hinaki	(Flashback) He’s already passed away.Amane	(Flashback) Don’t let the other one die, no matter what!Hinaki	(Flashback) Yes!Y.Tokitou	(Flashback) Ahh… Brother…Nichika	(Flashback) Ahh…Amane	(Flashback) Mm…(Flashback) Ngh…[Action: Amane grabs Tokitou and Yuuichirou’s hands.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) If they hadn’t saved me in the nick of time, I would’ve died.[Scene: Some days later. Tokitou trains in the rain.]Y.Tokitou	(Flashback) Ngh! Ngh… Ngh… Ngh… Ngh… Nichika	(Flashback) Lord Tokitou! You haven’t healed yet! [Action: Amane stops Nichika.]Nichika	(Flashback) Ah…Tokitou	(Thoughts) I may have lost my memory, but my body remembers. (Thoughts) This fury will never leave me until I die.Y.Tokitou	(Flashback) Grr…[Scene: In the present. Tokitou comes down from the tree.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) That’s why I worked my way up by training so hard that I’d vomit blood! (Thoughts) To annihilate the demons, to wipe them out once and for all…Gyokko	See me in all my serious glory!Demon Blood Art… Killer Fish Scales![Action: Gyokko launches toward Tokitou and attacks. Tokitou blocks and dodges the attack.]Gyokko	Hyo, hyo, hyo! Now, what do you say to my illogical movements?My scales allow me to move at will! Impossible to predict! I love nothing more than going against the laws of nature! Now, what kind of art should I make out of you? I can rip off that ugly head of yours and replace it with a lovely fish!(Thoughts) It’s over for you!Tokitou	(Thoughts) Mist Breathing, Seventh Form… Obscuring Clouds.[Action: Gyokko attacks, but Tokitou disappears into a cloud of mist.]Gyokko	Hm?[Action: Tokitou appears behind Gyokko.]Gyokko	(Thoughts) Ah… No, there he is! Found him![Action: Gyokko attacks again, but cuts through more mist.]Gyokko	(Thoughts) Not there?[Action: Gyokko continues to attack Tokitou’s form in the mist.]Gyokko	(Thoughts) Over there, huh?! Hyo, hyo! You’re too slow!Hm?(Thoughts) What’s this? How can you vanish?(Thoughts) What’s going on here? Where did he go? It’s like… It’s like… the area’s being enveloped in mist!Ah…Tokitou	Hey, so tell me…Gyokko	Huh?!Tokitou	… what made you think…Gyokko	Ah!Tokitou	… that you were the only one not taking this seriously?[Action: Tokitou cuts through Gyokko’s neck.]Gyokko	(Thoughts) What the hell? What the hell? I’m upside-down!(Thoughts) What’s going on? I can’t sense anything! That little pest is finally showing himself! I need to make short work of him and report to Lord Muzan![Action: Gyokko’s head hits the ground.]Gyokko	Huh?(Thoughts) D-D-D-D-Decapitated? Decapitate, decapitated, decapitated?!(Thoughts) Ridiculous! Impossible! Unbelievable! What an unheard-of, abnormal situation! Did I actually lose?!(Thoughts) To a child… Me, lose? Me, of all people?!Tokitou	It’s over for you. Goodbye. No need to ever be reborn again, all right?[Action: Gyokko tries to regrow his body from his neck.]Gyokko	Curses! This should just never happen! You, a lowly human! How dare you slice off my head!You abominable, low-level lifeform! My life is worth 100 of you and your ilk! I am one of the chosen and exalted lifeforms! You’re weak! After you’re born, all you do is grow old! And I took your insignificant, unimportant life in my hands and used my divine hands to elevate you into a nobler work of art! You vulgar little maggot --[Action: Tokitou slices Gyokko’s head into tiny pieces. They disintegrate.]Gyokko	Gah!Tokitou	I’ve heard enough, so… could you just go to hell already? [Scene: In the past, at the Demon Slayer headquarters. Ubuyashiki speaks with Tokitou after a mission.]Ubuyashiki	(Flashback) Don’t be rigid about how you perceive the world, Muichirou.(Flashback) When you’ve found your unshakable self, then you can become stronger.[Scene: In the present, in the forest surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Tokitou remembers Ubuyashiki’s words.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) It’s just like the Master said.(Thoughts) As long as I have my unshakable self, I can dig in with both feet with all my might.(Thoughts) As long as I know who I am, all my doubts and my hesitation and my frustrations will disappear. And no demon on earth can escape my descending blade.[Action: Tokitou’s Demon Slayer mark disappears. The rest of Gyokko’s body disintegrates.]Kanamori	L-Lord Tokitou? Lord Tokitou!Lord Tokitou! You saved us! Are you all right?Tokitou	I’m fine, I’m fine…Kanamori	Are you sure about that?!Tokitou	Yeah. I really feel amazing right now, and I’ve got to join Tanjirou and the others right away…Kanamori	You’re looking really pale, you know! Are you sure you’re all right?!Tokitou	I told you, I’m totally fine. Are you even listening to me?[Action: Tokitou begins to pant.]Kanamori	Huh? You’re heaving! And you’re trembling, aren’t you?!Tokitou	Don’t worry about me…Kanamori	Hey, you!Tokitou	Could you go check on Kotetsu and --[Action: Tokitou coughs up a bunch of froth.]Kanamori	You’re frothing at the mouth![Action: Tokitou falls to the ground.]Kanamori	Ahhh!Lord Tokitou! Oh, crap! Oh, crap! Is he going to die?! What am I supposed to do?! Hey! Somebody!Mr. Haganezuka![Action: Haganezuka continues to polish the sword.]Kanamori	Mr. Haganezuka!Dammit! He’s not coming, is he? Well, he did ignore me even when I was this close to being murdered!Tokitou	Guh…Kanamori	Woah! He’s choking on the foam! This is bad! Wh-What… What should I do?!Kotetsu	You should lay him on his side.Kanamori	Huh?! R-Right![Action: Kanamori puts Tokitou on his side.]Kanamori	Huh?![Action: Kanamori turns to see Kotetsu standing beside him.]Kanamori	Ahhh! It’s the ghost of young Kotetsu! Ahh!Kotetsu	No, I’m not a ghost since I’m not dead.Kanamori	No, ghosts are never aware that they’re ghosts, that they’re dead!Kotetsu	No, come on, I’m alive.Kanamori	No, your solar plexus! How could you possibly be alive after losing all that blood![Action: Tokitou wakes up.]Kotetsu	Oh, this is the blood from the arm they slashed. It got on me when I was pressing on it.My arm wound’s pretty deep, and if it doesn’t stop bleeding soon, I might actually die from that.As for my belly…[Action: Kotetsu takes out Rengoku’s sword guard from inside his coat.]Kotetsu	… that’s where I was carrying the hilt Tanjirou entrusted to me, and it saved me!He said he wanted it on his new sword.Rengoku	(Flashback) Hmm!(Flashback) Let’s give it our all together as Hashira![Action: Tokitou begins to tear up. He sees a vision of his family around him. His father and mother hold him.]Father	(Thoughts) See? Everything turned out just fine.Tokitou	(Thoughts) Father… Mother…[Action: Yuuichirou kneels down by Tokitou.]Tokitou	(Thoughts) Ah…Yuuichirou	(Thoughts) Muichirou…[Action: Yuuichirou touches Tokitou’s hand.]Yuuichirou	(Thoughts) You did great.Tokitou	(Thoughts) Brother… (Thoughts) Thank you.[Scene: Elsewhere in the forest. Tanjirou fights with Zouhakuten.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There are five wooden dragon heads.(Thoughts) They can expand to about 66 shaku. All right, that’s one thing I’ve found out![Action: Zouhakuten strikes a drum.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hinokami Kagura, Clear Blue…[Action: The wooden dragon screeches at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Erk!Gah! Ugh![Action: Tanjirou is thrown back against a tree.]Tanjirou	Ngh! Gah…Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko runs toward Tanjirou, but Zouhakuten’s dragons attack.]Nezuko	Ngh! Ngh!Genya	Ngh…[Action: Genya shoots at the dragon, but it does nothing. Genya blocks the dragon with his arm.]Genya	Ngh! Ngh… Ugh… Ngh… Urahh![Action: Genya rips the dragon’s head apart.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Gah…[Action: Tanjirou coughs up some liquid.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) M-My eardrums just burst!(Thoughts) I’m so dizzy… I can’t get up! It’s no good! Get on your feet! Hurry! Here comes an attack![Action: Zouhakuten strikes two drums. A fan-shaped imprint hits the ground and Tanjirou’s foot, breaking it.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Ahh! Ngh…[Action: Zouhakuten strikes his drums again. Lightning appears around Tanjirou as he runs.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It can use the powers of the four Emotion demons, too! (Thoughts) Not only that, but it’s raised its attack power, too![Action: A dragon bites Nezuko’s arm.]Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Another dragon coils around Genya’s body.]Genya	Ngh… Gahh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No time to use breathing skills! I can’t heal![Action: Two dragons attack Tanjirou. He dodges.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I can’t handle the attacks anymore, even if I anticipate them! (Thoughts) I’m so winded! But if I can get 66 shaku away, I can somehow…(Thoughts) All right, I can do it from here![Action: Zouhakuten strikes a drum. Smaller dragons come from one dragon’s mouth.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s stretching!Gah… Ahh![Action: The dragon bites Tanjirou’s arm and pulls him up.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Make a move! Slash it![Action: Tanjirou is pulled into the dragon’s mouth.]Nezuko	Ah!Genya	Ah!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh!!Genya	Gahhh![Action: In the dragon, Tanjirou is squeezed by the wooden walls.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Urgh… Ngh…(Thoughts) It’s hopeless… I’m getting crushed… Gah! Gahh…Zouhakuten	It’s over.[Action: Zouhakuten raises his fist. Kanroji appears in the sky.]Zouhakuten	Hm?[Action: Kanroji cuts along the wooden dragon Tanjirou is trapped in.]Nezuko	Ah![Action: Kanroji frees Tanjirou from the dragon.]Zouhakuten	A Hashira?Kanroji	Kyaaa~! What a ghastly monster! What is that thing?Tanjirou	Ah… Ms. Kanroji?!Kanroji	Are you okay? Sorry I’m late! That was really cutting it close, huh?[Action: Kanroji brings Tanjirou to the ground.]Tanjirou	M-Ms. Kanroji!Kanroji	Tanjirou… You can take a break now! Good job! I’m proud of you!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I-I can’t hear because my eardrums burst…Kanroji	Right.Tanjirou… I’m going to rescue Nezuko and Genya, all right?[Action: Kanroji walks toward Zouhakuten.]Zouhakuten	You damn slip of a girl…Kanroji	Fufu… So just leave the rest to me!Ngh…Tanjirou	Wait![Action: Kanroji launches forward.]Tanjirou	That’s an Upper Rank! It’s Upper Rank Four![Action: Kanroji runs forward and whips her sword around.]Kanroji	Hmph![Action: Kanroji’s sword winds around the dragon’s mouth.]Kanroji	Hup![Action: Kanroji whips the dragon around and slams it into two other dragons. Kanroji races toward Zouhakuten.]  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.10Title: Love Hashira Mitsuri KanrojiCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Genya Shinazugawa, Mitsuri Kanroji / young Kanroji (Y.Kanroji), Obanai Iguro, Kanroji’s father (Father), Kanroji’s mother (Mother), Hantengu, Zouhakuten, chef, sumo wrestlers (Sumo Man / Men), woman, boy, Kanroji’s fiance (Fiance)Japanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the forest surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Kanroji appears in the sky.]Zouhakuten	Hm?[Action: Kanroji cuts through the wooden dragon Tanjirou is trapped in and frees Tanjirou.]Zouhakuten	You damn slip of a girl…[Action: Kanroji charges toward the wooden dragons.]Kanroji	Hup![Action: Kanroji’s sword ensnares the wooden dragon. Kanroji whips her sword over her head.]Kanroji	Hah![Action: The wooden dragon is knocked into the other two dragons. Kanroji charges toward Zouhakuten.]Kanroji	Ngh…[Scene: In the forest surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Kanroji stands before Zouhakuten.]Kanroji	Hey, you!You’ve gone too far! I’m taking Nezuko and Genya back from you, all right?Zouhakuten	Shut up, you shameless tramp! There’s only one person in this world who can order me around.Kanroji	Ah!(Thoughts) “Shameless tramp”?!(Thoughts) Tramp… Me? You’re talking about me?!(Thoughts) Unbelievable! What a foul mouth that boy has! And he’s around the same age and size as my little brother!(Thoughts) Oh, wait, but demons don’t look their actual age, do they? (Thoughts) Still, what a horrible thing to say![Action: Zouhakuten strikes a drum and unleashes an attack.]Zouhakuten	Crazed Cry of Thunder Death!Tanjirou	Ms. Kanroji!Kanroji	Love Breathing, Third Form!Catlove Shower![Action: Kanroji dispels Zouhakuten’s attack.]Kanorji	I’m angry, all right? I’m not holding back just because you look like a child!Tanjirou	Wow!Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) This young girl slashed through the attack itself.Kanroji	Ngh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’ve never seen a sword shaped like that!(Thoughts) It’s too fast to follow with the eye! Is that because of how supple it is? It’s flexible beyond belief!(Thoughts) The swordsmith who forged it is amazing, but Ms. Kanroji is even more amazing for being able to wield it![Action: Zouhakuten strikes a drum and launches a series of attacks at Kanroji. She dodges them.]Kanroji	Love Breathing, Second Form… Love Pangs![Action: Kanroji cuts through a wooden dragon’s body. Another dragon attacks.]Kanroji	Sixth Form… Cat-Legged Winds of Love! Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) She can still keep up even at this speed? Kanroji	Ngh…Zouhakuten	Then I’ll bury her with a technique!(Thoughts) Blood Demon Art… Countless Striking Trees![Action: A bunch of dragon heads charge toward Kanroji.]Kanroji	(Thoughts) Kyaa! What a wide-ranging technique![Action: Tanjirou sees a balled-up trees where Hantengu is being sheltered.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) Oh, crap! The main body’s running off![Action: Tanjirou charges toward Hantengu but is hit by a wooden dragon.]Tanjirou	Gah!Kanroji	(Thoughts) Can I take on this many of them?Love Breathing, Fifth Form! Swaying Love… Wildclaw![Action: Kanroji cuts through the bodies of numerous wooden dragons.]Kanroji	Ngh…[Action: Kanroji whips her sword around Zouhakuten’s neck.]Kanroji	Got him!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) So fast! But it’s no good!Ms. Kanroji --[Action: Zouhakuten prepares to screech.]Kanroji	(Thoughts) Is he about to do something?(Thoughts) But I’m good! As long as I slice off his head…Tanjirou	Ms. Kanroji! That’s not the main body! It won’t die if you cut off its head!Kanroji	(Thoughts) What? No way! For real?! (Thoughts) I made the wrong call --Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) Compressed Sound Waves![Action: Zouhakuten screeches at Kanroji.]Kanroji	Ah… Ahh…Tanjirou	Ms. Kanroji!Nezuko	Ngh! Ngh![Action: Nezuko rips her arm away from the wooden dragon.]Genya	Urahh![Action: Kanroji falls to her knees.]Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) Unbelievable!(Thoughts) This girl… Even after getting hit by that attack, she’s kept her body structure intact!(Thoughts) Did she tense up all her muscles just before she got hit? (Thoughts) Nevertheless, she still shouldn’t have been able to withstand it![Action: Zouhakuten begins walking toward Kanroji.]Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) It’s baffling! No, wait. I see. This girl’s muscular strength is a mismatch for her build. An abnormal constitution!(Thoughts) This is great. Consuming high-quality flesh leads directly to power. But first, let me pulverize her skull and brain tissue![Action: Tanjirou races toward Kanroji. Zouhakuten prepares to punch her.][Scene: In Kanroji’s past. Kanroji’s first fiance calls to her on a bridge.]Fiance	Ms. Kanroji?Ms. Kanroji? Ms. Kanroji?Kanroji	Ah…Fiance	No one could ever marry you but a bear, a boar, or a cow.The thought of that bizarre hair color being passed down to my children makes me shudder.Let’s forget this marriage interview ever happened. Please forget about me. Farewell.Kanroji	(Narration) At 17, my prospective marriage was called off.[Scene: Even further back in the past. Kanroji’s father swings around a very small Kanroji.]Father	Hahaha!Y.Kanroji	Ahh~! Fufu… Ahh~! Fufufu… Fufufu!![Action: Kanroji’s father flexes his arm.]Father	Isn’t your daddy amazing?Y.Kanroji	Ahh~…Hmph! Huh?[Action: Kanroji tries to flex her arm.]Y.Kanroji	Mmm… Ah…Mother	Fufu… What are you doing? She’s just a child!Y.Kanroji	Mother!Kanroji	(Narration) I couldn’t flex the muscles on my thin arms, but there’s a story that my mother has told me over and over about my childhood.[Scene: During the evening, at Kanroji’s house. Kanroji’s mother, who is pregnant, carries a wooden bucket.]Kanroji	(Thoughts) It was when I was 14 months old, right when my mother was pregnant with my little brother.Mother	Phew… Hmm?Mitsuri?Where are you, Mitsuri?Y.Kanroji	Ngh…Mother	Mitsuri --[Action: Kanroji appears, carrying a large rock over her head.]Y.Kanroji	Rahh!Mother	Eeek!Kanroji	(Narration) Small child that I was, I wanted to help her in the kitchen and lifted up a 33- pound pickling stone.(Narration) Though my mother was renowned for being unflappable, that day, she was blown away for the first time in her life.Y.Kanroji	Goo…Mother	Thanks for always being a good helper![Scene: At a soba shop. A slightly older Kanroji eats a bowl of soba.]Kanroji	(Narration) And ever since I was a child, I’ve had a big appetite. (Narration) I loved to eat.Y.Kanroji	Phew!Chef	Now that’s a healthy appetite! Come on, how can you sumo wrestlers lose to her?Sumo Men	I mean, we hear you, but man…Y-Yeah…[Action: Kanroji’s mother puts down a plate of sakura mochi.]Mother	There you go! Sakura rice cakes for dessert!Y.Kanroji	Ahh… Thanks! Don’t mind if I do!Sumo Men	Ahh…[Action: Kanroji sits down to arm wrestle.]Sumo Man	Are you really sure about this?Father	It’s totally fine! No need to hold back at all!Chef	Hey, you heard him! Go for it!Sumo Man	Ahh…[Action: The sumo wrestler prepares to arm wrestle with Kanroji.]Chef	Are you ready? Game on![Action: Kanroji instantly slams the sumo wrestler’s hand to the table.]Y.Kanroji	Hup!Sumo Man	Woah![Action: Kanroji’s family leaves the restaurant, leaving the arm wrestler on the ground in shame.]Y.Kanroji	Fufufufu…Father	Your arms may be thin, Mitsuri, but the density of your muscles must be extraordinary!Y.Kanroji	Heh![Scene: The night Kanroji’s marriage was called off. Kanroji sits in bed as the rest of her family prepares to sleep.]Kanroji	(Narration) But… as I grew older, little by little, I began to realize I wasn’t like the other girls around me.Mother, do you think I can ever become someone’s bride?Mother	Why would you ask me that?Kanroji	Well… because I’m so strong, and I eat a lot, and even my hair color is weird…Father	You can just stay at home forever, Mitsuri.Kanroji	But… women are supposed to get married and be someone’s wife, right?Father	You can just stay at home forever.Kanroji	Mm…[Scene: The morning after the marriage is called off. Kanroji dyes her hair black.]Kanroji	(Narration) The day my prospective marriage was called off, I decided I had to hide it all. (Narration) I dyed my hair black. I stifled my urge to eat. And I pretended to be weak.Everyone in my family was worried about me.(Narration) And then one day, I met a man who said he wanted to marry me.[Scene: Another day. Kanroji walks behind her second prospective fiance.]Kanroji	(Thoughts) Can I do this? Can I let this happen? (Thoughts) Am I going to live like this for the rest of my life?(Thoughts) Eating voraciously, being strong, my hair color… All of that is who I am! Am I going to pretend to be someone I’m not?(Thoughts) Isn’t there something I can do? Some way that I can help others while being me?(Thoughts) Does this mean that there’s no place in this world for me as I am? (Thoughts) Isn’t there anyone who will love me?(Thoughts) This isn’t right. It can’t be right![Scene: In the present. Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Genya tackle Kanroji away from Zouhakuten.]Tanjirou	Urahhh!Group	Ngh…Tanjirou	Ngh!Get up, get up, get up! The next attack is coming!Genya	I know that, all right?!Kanroji	(Thoughts) Huh? Did I black out?Tanjirou	We have to protect Ms. Kanroji! She has the most potential, so she’s our ray of hope!As long as she survives, we can win for sure! Let’s win together![Action: Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Genya carry Kanroji.]Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	Nobody’s gonna die! None of us!Zouhakuten	How comical.[Action: Zouhakuten releases a lightning attack.]Genya	You’re kidding me…[Action: Zouhakuten’s lightning strikes.]Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) Did I get them?Kanroji	You guys, thank you!Zouhakuten	Hm?[Action: Kanroji waves her sword around in the air.]Kanroji	I’m a Hashira, and I messed up! Sorry!I’ll never let my friends die, okay?Genya	Ngh…Kanroji	Because the Demon Slayer Corps is my precious home! Upper Rank or whatever you are, it makes no difference to me!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) She slashed through it all! She’s so cool!Kanroji	There’s no way… I will ever lose to evil people! Now brace yourself! I’m going for the kill now![Scene: In the past, at the Demon Slayer headquarters. Kanroji sits before Ubuyashiki.]Ubuyashiki	Splendid. You’re someone the gods have a special love for, Mitsuri.Take pride in your own strength.All those who speak ill of you fear your talent and wish they could be you. That’s all.[Action: Kanroji cries.]Kanroji	Mm… Wahhh! Thank you very much! Wahhh!(Thoughts) Father… Mother… Thank you for making me strong from birth! (Thoughts) Everyone in the Demon Slayer Corps has accepted me![Scene: Sometime later. Kanroji sits with two Kakushi members.]Kakushi	Congratulations on being promoted to Hashira!Yes, congrats!Kanroji	Kyaa~! Thanks! I’m going to give it my all!Do you want some sakura rice cakes? Sorry, I only have a few!Kakushi	Hahaha…[Scene: Sometime later, at night. Kanroji beheads a demon.]Kanroji	(Thoughts) The people I protected from demons thanked me with tears streaming down their faces.Slayers	Only a Hashira could… Just one strike!Kanroji	I’ve gotten rid of the evil demon, so you’re safe now! Don’t worry! Hehe!Woman	Thank you from the bottom of our hearts!Boy	Thank you![Scene: A new day, at a restaurant. Kanroji and Iguro sit down for a meal.]Kanroji	(Thoughts) Mr. Iguro gave me some long, striped socks![Action: Iguro holds out a pair of socks as he turns away.]Iguro	Here.Kanroji	Huh? What? What’s this? What’s this? Mr. Iguro, what’s this?Iguro	Take them.Kanroji	Huh? For me?[Action: Iguro nods his head.]Kanroji	What~?! I’m so happy! I’ll treasure them, I promise!Iguro	No need to treasure them.Kanroji	Wha… No way… That would be such a waste.Iguro	It’s fine.If they get ripped, I’ll give you a new pair.Kanroji	Ah… Okay![Scene: In the present. Kanroji prepares to fight.]Kanroji	(Thoughts) I’ve wondered to myself whether a girl should be this strong. Would people say yet again that I couldn’t be human? I was afraid, so I’ve been holding back my power…Tanjirou	Ah…Kanroji	(Thoughts) … but not anymore. Tanjirou	(Flashback) She’s our ray of hope! Kanroji	Ngh…Zouhakuten	Ah… Ngh![Action: Zouhakuten strikes a drum. Wooden dragon heads appear and move toward the group.]Kanroji	Just leave it to me! I’m going to protect you all, okay?Ngh![Action: Kanroji charges forward and cuts through the dragons. Zouhakuten strikes his drums and summons more dragons.]Kanroji	I’ll take care of this one!Tanjirou	Ah…Kanroji	Ngh!So you guys go on ahead and defeat the main body!Tanjirou	Nezuko! Genya!Genya	Yeah![Action: Kanroji continues to hold off the wooden dragons.]Kanroji	Ngh!(Thoughts) I have to increase my heartrate!(Thoughts) I need to speed up my circulation… to get faster… and stronger! More![Action: Zouhakuten sees Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Genya running through the trees.]Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) You little brats…[Action: Zouhakuten strikes his drum, sending a dragon toward Tanjirou’s group.]Kanroji	Hah![Action: Kanroji slices through the dragon.]Kanroji	Didn’t I say I was going to protect them? I’m not letting you go that way! Genya	Tanjirou! Where’s the thing containing the main body? Can you spot it?! Tanjirou	I can!Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou closes his eyes and smells the air. He traces the trail to Hantengu.]Hantengu	Urgh…Tanjirou	Found it!This way!(Thoughts) While Ms. Kanroji is dealing with that child demon, we have to slash the demon’s main body as soon as we can!Kanroji	Hah![Action: Kanroji cuts through more wooden dragons.]Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) This young girl… She’s moving even faster than before!Kanroji	Ngh!Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) What did you do? What are you doing? What on earth --Kanroji	Ngh…[Action: Zouhakuten sees the Demon Slayer mark on Kanroji’s neck.]Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) A mark? Did she have that from the start? (Thoughts) That… looks a lot like a demon’s crest!Kanroji	Ngh![Action: Kanroji launches forward. Zouhakuten strikes his drum, but Kanroji dodges the attacks.]Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) This is beyond annoying!(Thoughts) Thanks to this slip of a girl, I can’t unleash my lizards on those brats!Kanroji	Hah![Action: Kanroji cuts through another dragon.]Zouhakuten	(Thoughts) Despicable! Nevertheless, it won’t last forever. She’s sure to lose stamina! All humans do!Kanroji	When I say I won’t let you go, I mean I won’t let you go![Action: Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Genya continue on Hantengu’s trail.]Tanjirou	Ah! That’s it! It’s inside that tree!Hantengu	Urgh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There’s no doubt in my mind! The demon’s inside that tree!Let’s catch up to it!Nezuko	Mm!Genya	Urahhh!Tanjirou	Almost there!Genya	Stop, you bastard![Action: Genya swings at the tree but can’t cut through it. The tree swings around. Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Genya grab onto it.]Tanjirou	Erk! Urahhh!Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	Don’t let it shake you off! Hang on tight! Hang on tight!Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Before this tree thing… Before that snake-lizard thing comes this way!While Ms. Kanroji is stopping it from attacking!Nezuko	Ngh!Genya	(Thoughts) I can’t even swing my sword like this! So… all I can do is this![Action: Genya bites into the tree.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Woah, he’s biting it! His teeth are crazy strong!But won’t that give you an upset stomach?! Genya, are you gonna be okay?!Genya	Grrr!(Thoughts) By devouring demons, it’s only temporary, but I can gain demonic traits!Ngh…(Thoughts) If I consume a strong demon, it boosts my regenerative abilities and increases my muscular strength!Urahhh![Action: Genya rips through the trunk of the tree, sending the top part flying to the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s down!(Thoughts) Now![Action: Tanjirou launches toward the tree, but branches appear and whip around.]Tanjirou	Ngh!(Thoughts) The branches are like whips!(Thoughts) Stand your ground! Keep moving!Ngh…Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko throws her blood onto the tree. It bursts into flames.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Nezuko’s Blood Demon Art!Nezuko	Mm…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s sluggish now thanks to the flames! It’s going to work! I can do this![Action: Flames appear from Tanjirou’s sword.]Tanjirou	Hinokami Kagura… Flame Dance![Action: Tanjirou slices through the tree.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I still haven’t landed a blow on the demon![Action: Nezuko and Genya grab parts of the tree.]Nezuko	Ngh!Genya	Ngh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This isn’t going to end until I cut off the main body’s head!Genya	Do it! Tanjirou![Action: Tanjirou prepares to swing but finds that Hantengu is nowhere in the tree.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s gone!(Thoughts) It ran off again! Where’d it go? Where’d it go?! (Thoughts) It can’t have gotten that far![Action: Tanjirou sees Hantengu slinking off in the grass.]Hantengu	Eek!Tanjirou	Ngh… You bastard! Don’t run away!Hantengu	Eek…Tanjirou	Don’t run away from your responsibilities!For every sin you’ve ever committed, every evil deed, I’m going to make you pay for everything you’ve ever done!You’re not getting away, no matter what!Hantengu	Gah…[Action: Hantengu trips and falls.]Hantengu	Ngh…Samurai	(Flashback) For what you’ve done, you’re going to take responsibility! Not anyone else!(Flashback) You two-faced, shameless liar!Hantengu	(Thoughts) I’ve never once uttered a lie since the day I was born… I’m a virtuous weakling!(Thoughts) As pitiful as I am, nobody shows me any sympathy![Action: Hantengu begins to cry.]Hantengu	I… I… I’ve never lied… Wahhh![Action: Hantengu runs off.]Tanjirou	Come on, Nezuko! Genya!Nezuko	Ngh!Genya	Ngh…[Action: Genya grabs a tree trunk.]Genya	Grrr… You piece of crap!![Action: Genya unroots the entire tree.]Genya	Enough is enough, you stupid moron!![Action: Genya throws the tree at Hantengu.]Hantengu	Ahh![Action: Hantengu dodges Genya’s attack.]Hantengu	Gahhh… Eek![Action: Nezuko jumps into the air and prepares to smash Hantengu with a kick.]Nezuko	Ngh!!  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.3 E.11Title: A Connected Bond: Daybreak and First LightCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Genya Shinazugawa, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Muichirou Tokitou, Mitsuri Kanroji, Hotaru Haganezuka, Kouzou Kanamori, Kotetsu, Tecchin Tecchikawahara, Tamayo, Yushirou, Muzan Kibutsuji, Gyokko, Hantengu, Zouhakuten, Urami, swordsmithsJapanese script from Netflix subtitles (kitsunekko.net) English translation from 9Anime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the forest surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Tanjirou hangs on to one of Zouhakuten’s wooden dragons.]Tanjirou	Don’t let it shake you off! Hang tight! Hang tight!Nezuko	Grr… Ngh…Genya	Urahh![Action: Genya rips through the trunk of Zouhakuten’s tree.]Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko throws her blood onto the tree. It begins to blaze.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s going to work! I can do this![Action: Tanjirou’s sword is set on fire.]Tanjirou	Hinokami Kagura… Flame Dance![Action: Tanjirou cuts through the tree.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I still haven’t landed a blow on the demon! This isn’t going to end until I cut off the main body’s head![Action: Tanjirou finds that Hantengu is gone.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It’s gone!(Thoughts) It ran off again! Where’d it go? Where is it?![Action: Tanjirou sees Hantengu about to run off.]Hantengu	Eek!Tanjirou	Ngh… You bastard!! Don’t run away!Hantengu	Eek…[Action: Hantengu begins to flee.]Tanjirou	Don’t run away from your responsibilities!!(Thoughts) You demons who kill and devour humans…Hantengu	Eek!Tanjirou	Come on, Nezuko, Genya!Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Tanjirou and Nezuko run after Hantengu.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Why are you running away?(Thoughts) Isn’t this just what you’ve been doing to humans? (Thoughts) Why are you all… so self-serving?!Gyokko	(Flashback) Behold, “Death Throes of the Smiths”! Just twist the sword like so, and…Swordsmith	(Flashback) Ahhh!Zouhakuten	(Flashback) Just now, you tried to slash a small, weak being who could fit in the palm of your hand. Utterly atrocious…[Action: Tanjirou catches up to Hantengu and tries to kill him but misses. He continues the chase.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) And yet, we humans are… always powerless…Tokitou	(Flashback) You’re getting in the way, so go hide.Genya	You piece of crap![Action: Genya uproots an entire tree.]Genya	Enough is enough, you stupid moron![Action: Genya throws the tree at Hantengu.]Hantengu	Ahh![Action: Hantengu runs away after getting hit by the tree. Nezuko leaps into the air and kicks at Hantengu.]Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) But we’re never going to… give up![Scene: In the forests surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Hantengu continues to flee.]Hantengu	Eek![Action: Two trees rush past Nezuko and toward Hantengu. He dodges both projectiles.]Hantengu	Ngh… Gahhh!Eeek! Ahh!Nezuko	Ngh!Hantengu	Ahh!Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko slashes at Hantengu, but he dodges the attack.]Hantengu	Eeek!Nezuko	Ngh…Genya	He runs so fast! What’s his deal?!Hantengu	Eek!Genya	Dammit! We’ll never catch up! Did he really have that much strength left in reserve?!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) We’ll be reaching our limits soon. If this goes on, he’s going to get away!(Thoughts) It’s almost daybreak.(Thoughts) Ms. Kanroji’s reeling off one powerful attack after another! It won’t be long before she loses stamina! And when day breaks, the demons will escape!(Thoughts) We’ve got to hurry!Hantengu	Eek…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Still… i-it’s so fast!(Thoughts) Dammit! He’s planning to keep running forever! Before day breaks… Until Ms. Kanroji breaks down!(Thoughts) We’re not gonna let you do that! We’re not… gonna let you win![Action: Something in Tanjirou’s foot creaks. He begins to slow down.]Tanjirou	Gah!(Thoughts) Ugh, it’s no use! I can’t plant my feet! (Thoughts) If only I hadn’t injured my left leg!(Thoughts) No good… I can’t let this happen! I have to figure this out!Zenitsu	(Flashback) Tanjirou.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ah…Zenitsu	(Flashback) Thunder Breathing’s all about focusing on your legs the most.(Flashback) See, when it comes to the size of your own body or the shape of each of your muscles, it’s actually hard to get a good grasp of all that.(Flashback) “It’s not true Total Concentration until you’re aware of them all.” That’s what Gramps, my trainer, was always telling me.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Each and every fiber of my muscles… Every single vein in my body… Circulate air through them.[Action: Tanjirou plants his foot into the ground.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Collect all your strength into your legs only… Collect it!(Thoughts) Let it explode with a single breath. Slash through the air like thunder![Action: Tanjirou runs past Nezuko and Genya in a flash. He catches up to Hantengu.]Genya	Ah…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I see you! I won’t let you escape!Hantengu	Wahh… Eeek![Action: Tanjirou’s sword is set ablaze. He slashes at Hantengu’s neck.]Hantengu	Gah!Gahhh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Do it! Do it! This time for sure! With every ounce of your strength![Action: Tanjirou’s sword cuts into Hantengu’s neck.]Hantengu	Don’t you…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Slash its head! No matter what!Hantengu	… feel the least bit…Tanjirou	Wha?!Hantengu	… sorry for me…[Action: Hantengu grows larger and transforms into Urami.]Urami	… at all?!Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Urami grabs Tanjirou’s face.]Urami	Don’t you dare bully the weak!!Tanjirou	Ngh… Urgh… Mmph…![Action: Urami squeezes harder on Tanjirou’s neck.]Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou begins to lose consciousness. Genya runs to Urami and tries to pry apart his hands.]Genya	Ngh… Grrrr!Your so-called reasons… are all total crap! You stupid bastard!![Action: Urami prepares to screech.]Genya	Ngh! Grr… Urahh![Action: Urami screeches at Tanjirou and Genya.]Genya	Ahh!Nezuko	Ngh![Action: Nezuko throws her blood on Urami and sets him ablaze.]Urami	Ngh… Gahh!Nezuko	Ngh!Genya	Urahh! Urahhh!!Ngh![Action: Genya pulls Urami’s hands off Tanjirou and rips Urami’s arms off.]Urami	Gahh![Action: Genya backs away but is on fire from Nezuko’s attack.]Genya	(Thoughts) Ngh… Oh, crap!Ngh…(Thoughts) I’m getting burned by these flames, too! It’s because I ate demon flesh! Tanjirou![Action: Tanjirou continues trying to cut into Urami’s neck.]Urami	Ngh… Urahh!Tanjirou	Ngh…Urami	Gahh…Tanjirou	Urahhh!Urami	Gahhh!Ngh…[Action: Urami begins running backward, pulling Tanjirou with him.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Urami	Ngh…Tanjirou	Ah!Urami	Urahhh![Action: Tanjirou and Urami tumble over a cliff. Nezuko dives after them.]Nezuko	Ngh!Urami	Urahhh! Gah…[Action: Tanjirou, Nezuko, and Urami plummet to the ground.]Genya	Tanjirou! Nezuko![Action: Urami gets up and coughs up blood. Nezuko lays on the ground, unconscious. Urami begins to walk away.]Urami	(Thoughts) Damn… My regeneration is slowing down.(Thoughts) Zouhakuten is using too much of my power… I need to replenish myself with human flesh and blood![Action: Tanjirou, hanging from a branch in the cliffside, regains consciousness.]Tanjirou	Ngh… I won’t let you escape…Urami	(Thoughts) I can sense… that there are humans… nearby…Tanjirou	Stop.I’m not gonna let you escape…Urami	Ahh!Tanjirou	I’ll chase you down even if you flee to the depths of hell and… I’m gonna cut off your head!Urami	Eeek![Action: Urami begins to run away.]Urami	(Thoughts) He dares to threaten me?(Thoughts) Where are those humans? If I consume them… then I can send that little brat to his demise in a flash!(Thoughts) Huh?[Action: Urami sees three swordsmiths behind some rocks.]Urami	(Thoughts) There they are! (Thoughts) I’ve found some food!(Thoughts) Of those three brats, one is a demon and a handful. She thwarted me at every turn!(Thoughts) As it turns out, that brat’s sword can only lodge itself into my neck, not slash it. First, let me devour those humans, and when I’ve replenished myself…Swordsmiths	Oh, crap! That way!Right![Action: The swordsmiths begin to run.]Urami	Ah… Come back here! You’re not getting away![Action: Tanjirou lets go of the branch and falls near Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Gah!Ngh… Nezuko…Ngh…(Thoughts) Get going… You’ve got to hurry! One more time.[Action: Tanjirou gets up to give chase.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) One more time… Use Total Concentration to push off against the ground!Ngh…Tokitou	Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Ah…Ah…Tokitou	Tanjirou! Tanjirou![Action: Tokitou throws Tanjirou’s sword to the ground.]Tanjirou	Ah… My sword!Tokitou	Use it!Tanjirou	To…Tokitou	Tanjirou, use that sword!Haganezuka	Give that back![Action: Haganezuka grabs Tokitou by the throat.]Tokitou	Ngh!Haganezuka	You’ve got to be kidding me!Tokitou	Ngh…Haganezuka	I’ll kill you! Don’t use it! I’ve only honed it up to the first stage! Give it back!Tokitou	Tanjirou! It’s almost daybreak! He’s going to get away!Tanjirou	Ah… Right!Haganezuka	You stupid brat![Action: Haganezuka whacks Tokitou over the head.]Kanamori, KotetsuAh!Tokitou	Ouch!Tanjirou	Tokitou… Thank you![Action: Tanjirou grabs the sword and plants his foot into the ground.]Tokitou	I’m counting on you, Tanjirou.[Action: Tokitou falls to the ground.]Kotetsu	Ah! Mr. Tokitou?!Haganezuka	Huh?!Kanamori	Lord Tokitou?!Kotetsu	Ahh! Mr. Haganezuka murdered Mr. Tokitou!Haganezuka	What?! I didn’t do anything!Kotetsu	You inhuman monster!Kotetsu	It’s the poison and fever! Calm down, you two!Tokitou	(Thoughts) Take it… Tanjirou…(Thoughts) Everyone’s hopes are in that sword…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Total Concentration…[Action: Tanjirou rushes toward Urami.]Urami	Ahh!Tanjirou	Urahhh![Action: Tanjirou cuts into Urami’s neck.]Urami	Gahh!Tanjirou	Urahhh!Urami	Gahh…[Action: Tanjirou cuts Urami’s head off.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Dancing Flash![Scene: In the field near the Swordsmith Village. Tanjirou turns to see that Urami has been beheaded.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I did it! I cut off the head of the main body! (Thoughts) I did it![Action: The sun begins to rise.]Tanjirou	Ah!Ah!(Thoughts) The sun is rising!Ngh![Action: Tanjirou races back toward Nezuko.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) She shouldn’t be in this wide open space! Nezuko, run![Action: Nezuko sits up and rubs her eye.]Tanjirou	Get --[Action: Tanjirou coughs and grabs his chest.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ngh! I can’t… get a word out!Nezuko	Ah… Ngh![Action: Nezuko begins running toward Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No, Nezuko! You don’t have to come this way!(Thoughts) It’s you! It’s you! You’re the one in danger! The sun’s coming up… If the sunlight hits you, you’re going to die!(Thoughts) Nezuko![Action: Nezuko tries running past Tanjirou, but he stops her.]Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ngh…Nezuko	Ngh, ngh!Tanjirou	N-Nezuko…Nezuko	Ngh, ngh!Tanjirou	Run!Nezuko	Ngh, ngh!!Tanjirou	Find a place in the shade!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh!![Action: Nezuko points past Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: The swordsmiths continue running from Urami, who is chasing them without a head.]Swordsmiths	Ahh! Tanjirou	Ah! Swordsmiths	Run! Run!It’s not dead! Even though it’s been beheaded!Tanjirou	Wha…[Action: Tanjirou looks toward Urami’s head.]Tanjirou	Ah!(Thoughts) The word on its tongue is… “resentment”?(Thoughts) The main body’s tongue had the word “fear”! This one has a different word! (Thoughts) I messed up! I have to stop it![Action: Tanjirou runs toward Urami’s body. Nezuko follows.]Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I have to finish it off![Action: The sun rises. Nezuko begins to burn.]Nezuko	Ngh!! Ngh…Tanjirou	Ah…Nezuko	Ngh! Ngh… Ngh! Ngh…Tanjirou	Ngh! Ugh…Nezuko	Ngh!![Action: Tanjirou covers Nezuko with his body.]Tanjirou	Nezuko!Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	Make yourself smaller! Shrink your body!Nezuko	Ngh!Tanjirou	Shrink![Action: Nezuko begins to shrink.]Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The sun’s not even all the way up, and look how bad it is!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Nezuko…!Swordsmiths	Ahh!Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees that Urami’s body is still chasing the swordsmiths.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh, crap! (Thoughts) Someone…[Action: Genya begins climbing down the cliffside.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Genya! (Thoughts) Tokitou…(Thoughts) Ahh… Who am I kidding? They can’t get here from the top of that cliff… Ah!(Thoughts) Wait, that demon should be burning, too! (Thoughts) It’s no good! By then, the villagers will be dead!(Thoughts) If I run while carrying Nezuko… I won’t make it in time![Action: Tanjirou begins to hyperventilate.]Tanjirou	Ahh…!Nezuko	Ngh… Ngh…Tanjirou	Ahhh!Ngh… Ngh…!(Thoughts) I can’t do it… I can’t make up my mind! Ahhh…!(Thoughts) Ketsudan… I can’t make up…Nezuko	Ngh…Tanjirou	Ahhh… Ah![Action: Nezuko kicks Tanjirou away from her.]Tanjirou	Ah…![Action: Nezuko clenches her fist. Tanjirou lands on his feet, on the verge of tears.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) Sniff it out.(Thoughts) It can’t have gotten that far![Action: Tanjirou runs toward Urami’s body.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) If the main body had gone off somewhere far away so fast, the scent would’ve told me!(Thoughts) It’s nearby!(Thoughts) Where is it? Pick up its scent… (Thoughts) Its shape! Its color![Action: Tanjirou picks up Hantengu’s scent.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) There it is!(Thoughts) It’s still inside the demon!(Thoughts) Right! Clearer… Give me a clearer view! Clearer![Action: Tanjirou finds Hantengu’s scent in Urami’s heart.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Found it! Inside its heart![Action: Tanjirou launches forward. Urami’s body grabs two of the swordsmiths.]Swordsmiths	Ahh!We’re done for! We’re done for!Gahh!It caught up --Tanjirou	(Thoughts) You’re finished for sure this time, you coward! You evil demon![Action: Tanjirou slashes into Urami’s arm.]Hantengu	Gahh…Tanjirou	Ngh!Hantengu	Eek!Tanjirou	Atone for your sins…[Action: Tanjirou cuts into Urami’s body, exposing Hantengu.]Hantengu	Urahh!Tanjirou	… with your life![Action: Tanjirou slashes toward Hantengu’s neck.]Hantengu	Ahh…[Scene: In Hantengu’s past, when he was still a human. A man confronts Hantengu about a theft.]Man	(Flashback) Why would you steal from others?(Flashback) And even worse, from a man who was so kind to those of us who cannot see…(Flashback) The master has chosen to look the other way, but I cannot forgive you. (Flashback) I am going to the magistrate’s office now.H.Hantengu	(Flashback) I’m not the one at fault here. It’s these hands that are to blame!(Flashback) These hands acted on their own!Hantengu	(Thoughts) What the hell is this?[Action: Hantengu stands over the man’s dead body with a knife in his hand.]Hantengu	(Thoughts) Is that me when I was a human? Why now, after all this time?[Scene: Sometime later. Hantengu sits before the magistrate.]Magistrate	(Flashback) I’m told you’ve committed theft and murder numerous times in another town, as well. I have absolutely no sympathy for you!H.Hantengu	(Flashback) That’s absurd… I’m not capable of such a thing! As someone who’s blind…Magistrate	(Flashback) I know that you can see just fine!H.Hantengu	(Flashback) Guh…Magistrate	(Flashback) I’ve had a masseur come here to Shirasu, and he would face the wall until I started speaking.(Flashback) You say that your hands are to blame?!H.Hantengu	(Flashback) My hands… My hands are… Magistrate	(Flashback) Then, we’ll just slice both of them off! [Scene: Sometime later. Kibutsuji finds Hantengu.]Kibutsuji	(Flashback) You’re going to be beheaded tomorrow? I pity you. Let me save you.[Scene: Sometime later. Hantengu attacks the magistrate.]Magistrate	(Flashback) No matter how you may try to talk your way out of it, the facts remain the same! Silencing me will do you no good!Hantengu	(Thoughts) Is this…Magistrate	(Flashback) The day will surely come when you atone for your sins with that vile life of yours![Scene: In the present. Tanjirou prepares to behead Hantengu.]Hantengu	(Thoughts) … my life flashing before my eyes?Tanjirou	Urahhh![Action: Tanjirou’s sword slices into Hantengu’s neck.]Hantengu	Gahhh!Tanjirou	Urahh!Hantengu	Gahh![Action: Urami’s body grabs Tanjirou’s head, but Tanjirou remains steadfast.]Tanjirou	Urahhh! Urahhh!Hantengu	Ahhh!Tanjirou	Urahhh!Hantengu	Gah![Action: Tanjirou beheads Hantengu. His and Urami’s bodies immediately disintegrate. Tanjirou struggles to breathe before regaining his composure. He turns to the swordsmiths but falls to his knees and sobs quietly.]Tanjirou	Ngh! Ah… Ngh… Ngh…(Thoughts) I won… But I had to sacrifice Nezuko…(Thoughts) Burned by the sunlight… Not even Nezuko’s bones remain![Action: Nezuko begins to crawl toward Tanjirou. Tanjirou begins to cry.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh… Nezuko… Nezuko…To turn Nezuko back into a human… That was why… That was why I came this far…Swordsmiths	Lord Kamado…L-Lord Kamado?Lord Kamado!Lord Kamado…[Action: One of the swordsmiths points to Nezuko. Tanjirou turns to see Nezuko walking toward him.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Ne… Ne…Nezuko	Mo…Tanjirou	Ah…!Nezuko	Mo… Morning![Action: Nezuko’s mouth guard falls to the ground.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Nezuko… Ugh…[Action: Tanjirou tries to get up but falls.]Swordsmiths	Lord Kamado![Action: The swordsmiths help Tanjirou get up. He hobbles to Nezuko.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Nezuko…Thank goodness… Are you all right?Nezuko	Thank… Thank goodness.Tanjirou	Ah…Nezuko	I… I’m all rightTanjirou	Ngh… Ngh…Nezuko	Thank goodness, right? Right?Tanjirou	No, really… thank goodness… You didn’t turn to ash and disappear…[Action: Tanjirou hugs Nezuko and sobs loudly.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh… Wahh! Thank goodness! I thought you were dead! Thank goodness, Nezuko! I’m so glad you’re all right! Thank goodness!Nezuko	Yes, thank goodness![Action: The swordsmiths begin to cry.]Swordsmith	Mm, mm…Tanjirou	Wahh!Swordsmith	Thanks, both of you, for saving us! We never would have forgiven ourselves if Nezuko had perished!Genya	Ah… Heh…Good for you, Tanjirou… Nezuko![Action: Tanjirou falls forward, but a swordsmith catches him.]Swordsmith	Woah!He hit a wall all of a sudden!Nezuko	Ngh!Swordsmiths	Young Kamado, hang in there!Is he dead? Is he dead?! Idiot!Are you all right? Stay with us!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Thank goodness… Nezuko… Thank goodness…[Scene: In the forests surrounding the Swordsmith Village. Kanroji continues to fight Zouhakuten, fending off his wooden dragons.]Kanroji	Ngh… Ngh!Ah! Ahh… Ahhh! I can’t take it anymore![Action: Kanroji cuts the wooden dragon away. Zouhakuten strikes a drum.]Kanroji	Ah… I’m so sorry! I’m about to be killed![Action: The dragon eats Kanroji, but Zouhakuten and his dragons disintegrate.]Kanroji	Huh?Yay! I’m saved!Tanjirou and the others must’ve beheaded the main body![Scene: In a house somewhere. A woman knocks on the door for her son.]Woman	Toshikuni?I’m coming in, all right?[Action: The woman opens the door and finds books strewn all over the floor.]Woman	Oh my…What’s gotten into you, Toshikuni? Making such a mess…I see that you’ve been doing some research. You can’t find the book that you need? I’ll help you find it. But first, take a break. Let’s have some tea.Kibutsuji	At last…Woman	What’s that?Kibutsuji	At last, someone able to withstand the sun has appeared! Good work, Hantengu!Woman	Well, you certainly seem to be enjoying yourself. Perhaps it’s the stories you’ve been reading --[Action: Kibutsuji beheads the woman immediately.]Maid	Huh?Huh? Madam? What happened… to your head?Kibutsuji	Now, there’s no need to search for the Blue Spider Lily.Maid	Madam…Kibutsuji	Fufufu… That took so long. But it was for this reason, for this reason, for one thousand years that I’ve continued to increase my kind unwillingly!Ngh…[Action: Kibutsuji returns to his normal form.]Kibutsuji	A rare constitution that never showed up even among the Twelve Kizuki… The chosen demon…If I devour that girl and absorb her, I, too, will be able to conquer the sun!Maid	You murderer! Murderer! You monster!Master! Master! Ma --[Action: Kibutsuji kills the maid and leaves.][Scene: In Kibutsuji’s past. A doctor calls for Kibutsuji, who is still a human.]Kibutsuji	(Narration) Now that I think of it, it was on that day… It all started one thousand years ago. The era was still called Heian back then.Doctor	If I may, sir… Your medicine is ready for you now.H.Kibutsuji	You inept doctor…(Thoughts) That said, this inept doctor is the only one I have to lean on.[Scene: In a darkened room. The doctor gives Kibutsuji some medicine.]H.Kibutsuji	What will become of me if I don’t take this?Doctor	As you know, you will not live to see your twentieth birthday. I am doing all I can to help you live even a little longer.H.Kibutsuji	All right, fine. That’s enough.[Action: Kibutsuji drinks medicine.]H.Kibutsuji	(Thoughts) It won’t work anyway.[Scene: Sometime later. Kibutsuji lies in bed.]H.Kibutsuji	(Thoughts) Ahh… I want to destroy them! Every living being!(Thoughts) No matter how many times he examines me or administers that medicine, nothing can stop my symptoms from worsening.[Action: Kibutsuji grabs a knife and kills the doctor.]H.Kibutsuji	Death is all you deserve, you damn incompetent doctor!Kibutsuji	(Narration) But then I realized that this doctor’s medicine was working not long after I’d killed him.(Narration) My body was bursting with energy, and I thought that I’d gained a durable physique, but there was a problem.(Narration) I couldn’t walk in the sunlight.(Narration) I could tell that if exposed to sunlight, I would die.(Narration) I began to crave human flesh and blood. To remedy that, all I had to do was devour humans.(Narration) If anyone stands in your way, just eliminate them. That’s all there is to it.[Scene: On a dark and stormy night. Soldiers confront Kibutsuji as he roams the streets.]Soldier	Come back here, cursed demon who disrupts the peace of the capitol!Kibutsuji	Are you… talking about me?[Action: The soldiers fire arrows at Kibutsuji, but Kibutsuji deflects them back and kills all the soldiers.]Soldiers	Gahh!Kibutsuji	(Narration) I had gained power. Eternal power!(Narration) But… having to restrict my movements during the day was humiliating, and my anger only grew. I began to seek a body that wouldn’t perish in the sunlight.(Narration) I examined the compounds for the doctor’s elixir, but perhaps because it was still in the experimental stages, I couldn’t figure out how to make the medicine called “Blue Spider Lily”.(Narration) It did seem to contain actual blue-colored spider lilies, but as for where this Blue Spider Lily bloomed or whether or not it could be cultivated, no one knew but the doctor I’d killed. I searched all over Japan but failed to find it.(Narration) In order to become truly immortal, finding the Blue Spider Lily and someone who had the ability to survive the sunlight have been my top priorities.[Scene: In the present. Kibutsuji sees Nezuko carrying Tanjirou after his fight with Hantengu.]Kibutsuji	(Narration) And at last, I’ve found her!(Thoughts) Since that girl has conquered the sun, there’s no longer any reason to increase my kind. I will absorb her, and then I will conquer the sunlight!(Thoughts) I will get my hands on Nezuko and become the perfect being![Scene: In the field near the Swordsmith Village. Tokitou and Kotetsu meet Tanjirou, Nezuko, and the swordsmiths.]Tokitou	Tanjirou, are you all right?Tanjirou	Mm… Ah… T-Tokitou…Thank goodness you’re safe…Nezuko	Fufu…[Action: Nezuko pets Kotetsu’s head.]Tanjirou	Thank you for my sword.Tokitou	I should be thanking you. Because of you, I recovered something precious that I’d lost.Tanjirou	Huh? No… I didn’t do anything…Tokitou	It’s all right. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.Tanjirou	Tokitou…Tokitou	Anyway, what’s going on with Nezuko?Tanjirou	Well, actually…Haganezuka	Why, you!Tanjirou	Huh?Haganezuka	Grrr!What did you do with my sword?!Kanamori	Calm down!Tanjirou	Huh?! Ah… Mr. Haganezuka?Haganezuka	I asked you what happened to the sword I was honing!Tanjirou	I used it to fight an Upper Rank…Haganezuka	Yeah, to fight?!Tanjirou	To fight and… Huh? What happened then? I blacked out, and…Swordsmith	Oh, the sword? I’ve got it --Haganezuka	You broke it, right?Swordsmith	Huh?Uh, no…Haganezuka	You broke it, didn’t you? Tell me the truth! Tell me the truth![Action: Haganezuka pokes into Tanjirou’s cheek.]Tanjirou	Gah… I didn’t! I didn’t! Swordsmith	No, it’s right here… Haganezuka	I’m going to kill you!Tanjirou	Nezuko, run!Nezuko	Run![Action: Nezuko begins to run away with Tanjirou.]Haganezuka	You’re not getting away! Kanamori	Mr. Haganezuka! Calm down! Haganezuka	Get back here!Kanamori The sword is right here! Haganezuka Like hell I’ll calm down! Kanamori   No, no!Kanroji	You guys!Genya	Ah…[Action: Kanroji comes running through the field.]Kanroji	You guys! Hahaha… Hahaha!Nezuko	Ahh…!Tanjirou	Ms. Kanroji!Kanroji	Heh… Fufu…[Action: Kanroji hugs Genya and Tokitou. Genya blushes furiously.]Genya	Ahh…Tokitou	Ah… Ahh…Kanroji	Wahhh! We won! We won! We all won together!It’s amazing! We’re all alive! Thank goodness!Nezuko	Yes, thank goodness!Kanroji	Wahh! Wahhh… Huh?Nezuko	Heh… Thank goodness!Tanjirou	Ah… Haha…Kanroji	What?!Heh… Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Yes![Action: Kanroji hugs Nezuko.]Nezuko	Hahaha…Kanroji	Thank goodness!Tanjirou	She’s talking, but her eyes and fangs are the same, so I’m not sure what’s going on, butI’m so glad that Nezuko’s alive… Thank goodness she’s alive…Kanroji	Yes, yes…Nezuko	Hahaha!Kanroji	Thank goodness!Tanjirou	Thank goodness!Kanroji	Wahhh!Kotetsu	Thank goodness! Kanamori Thank goodness! Tanjirou	Thank goodness![Scene: In Tamayo’s hideout. Tamayo writes a letter to Tanjirou.]Tamayo	(Thoughts) “Tanjirou, I thank you for providing me with the Twelve Kizuki’s and Nezuko’s blood and for helping me with my research.”(Thoughts) “The man in Asakusa who was turned into a demon by Muzan has regained his sense of self. It’s thanks to Nezuko’s blood.”(Thoughts) “Released from Muzan’s control, he can live on a small amount of blood.”(Thoughts) “The transformation of Nezuko’s blood surprises me. In such a short time, the components of her blood have changed again and again.”(Thoughts) “All this time, I have been thinking about why it is that Nezuko has yet to regain her sense of self and remains in a childlike state.”(Thoughts) “I believe that in Nezuko’s mind, there’s something more important than regaining her sense of self, something that she needs to prioritize.”Yuushirou? Yuushirou?[Action: Yuushirou enters the room.]Yuushirou	Yes, Lady Tamayo? What can I do for you?Tamayo	Can you summon Chachamaru for me?[Action: Chachamaru appears.]Yuushirou	Chachamaru is ready to go now.[Action: Tamayo packs the letter in Chachamaru’s pack.]Tamayo	Give my regards to Tanjirou and Nezuko, okay?[Action: Chachamaru heads out the door and disappears.]Tamayo	(Thoughts) “Tanjirou, this is pure speculation on my part… but I believe that it won’t be long before Nezuko can conquer the sun.”[Scene: At the Swordsmith Village. People are picking up the debris and building the village back up.]Swordsmiths	Over there? Yes!I’m leaving there for you. There’s a lot here, so I’ll carry it. Thanks!Yes. Understood.[Action: Kanamori and Kotetsu pull a cart. Tanjirou sleeps in the cart.]Kotetsu	Lord Tecchin!Tecchin	Oh, Kotetsu!Kotetsu	Tanjirou is leaving the village, so he’d like to say goodbye.Tanjirou?Tanjirou	Ah… Ngh…[Action: Tanjirou sits up.]Tecchin	Are you feeling all right?Tanjirou	Yes! Thank you for all that you did for me.And thank you for providing me with this cart.Tecchin	I’m the one who should be thanking you. You did a good job protecting this village! I’m grateful to you!Tanjirou	I wasn’t able to do that much on my own.It was everyone pulling together… Our combined strength and that sword that’s been connecting us to centuries of hopes until today. That’s why we were able to defeat those Upper Rank demons.Tecchin	Yes, yes. You’re right. And where’s your sister? Tanjirou	She’s asleep. I really made her exhausted. [Action: Nezuko sleeps in her box.]Tanjirou	Heh…Tecchin	I see! I’m truly glad that she’s all right!Tanjirou	Yes!Tecchin	Hmm?[Action: Tecchikawahara sees Haganezuka nearby. Haganezuka hides behind a wall.]Haganezuka	Ngh… Urgh…Tecchin	Hey, Kanamori, is that Hotaru lurking around over there?Kanamori	Yes…Tecchin	What is he doing?Kanamori	He seems to think that he’s hiding, but apparently, he can’t forgive Tanjirou for using a sword before it was fully honed.Tanjirou	Wha…Tecchin	What am I going to do with that guy? Hotaru! Come over here for a second!Haganezuka	Ngh…[Action: Haganezuka steps out from behind the wall.]Tecchin	I said come over here!Haganezuka	Ugh…[Action: Haganezuka hobbles over to Tanjirou’s cart.]Tecchin	Hotaru!Haganezuka	I’m telling you it’s all his fault![Action: Haganezuka jams his finger into Tanjirou’s cheek.]Tanjirou	Ouch!Haganezuka	Right?! Am I right?! Am I right?!Tanjirou	Sorry! Ouch! That hurts!Tecchin	Hotaru!Kotetsu	But if Tanjirou and the others hadn’t come, I’m sure the village would’ve been destroyed!Tanjirou	Ah… Haganezuka	Ngh… Tanjirou	Ahh! Haganezuka	Hmph! Tanjirou	Ouch…Tecchin	Now, Hotaru, the real reason you came here was to speak to Tanjirou, who came all the way here, right?Haganezuka	Ngh…Tanjirou	Mr. Haganezuka, thank you for always taking care of my sword! I came to this village because I wanted to thank you for that.Haganezuka	I-I’ll reforge your sword for you, so wait for it at the Butterfly Mansion!Tanjirou	You’re going to repair it for me?Haganezuka	Don’t you want me to fix it?Tanjirou	Thank you very much!Haganezuka	S-S-Sure…Kotetsu	Mr. Haganezuka, are you, like, embarrassed?[Action: Haganezuka jumps.]Tanjirou	Kotetsu!Kanamori	Young Kotetsu!Kotetsu	Heh! Pretty funny, huh? Hahahaha! Haganezuka	Grrrr… Urahhh! No way am I embarrassed! [Action: Haganezuka spins Kotetsu around by his ankles.]Kotetsu	Ahh! Ahhh! Ahh!Kanamori	Putting his foot in his mouth again!Kotetsu	Ahh! Ahh!Tanjirou	But really, thank you so much! I’m going to work harder and harder!Tecchin	Yes, good luck to you!All right, Kakushi, I’m counting on you.Tanjirou	Huh?Kakushi	Now then, just as you did coming here, you’ll wear this blindfold and put in these nose plugs.[Action: The kakushi blindfolds Tanjirou and shoves nose plugs into his nose.]Tanjirou	Gahh…All right, take care, everyone!Tecchin	I wish you good health!Kanamori	Please be careful!Kotetsu	Please come back sometime, okay?[Action: Tanjirou’s cart sets off.]Tanjirou	Goodbye![Action: The cart comes to a stop.]Tanjirou	Ah… What’s the matter?[Action: The kakushi takes off Tanjirou’s blindfold.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Kakushi	Tanjirou.Tanjirou	Ah… Ah![Action: The swordsmiths gather outside the village to see Tanjirou off.]Swordsmiths	To your health!Tanjirou! Thanks! Thank you! Take care!See you again!Thanks!You can count on us to take care of your swords! Tanjirou!Hey, thanks!See you!Tanjirou! Thanks! Take care!Thank you!Tanjirou	Ah…Kakushi	Shall we do without the blindfold and nose plugs until we’ve left this village?Tanjirou	Yes!Swordsmiths	Thanks!Tanjirou![Action: The kakushi pulls the cart along.]Swordsmiths	See you!Thank you! Tanjirou!Thanks!Tanjirou!Thank you!Thank you!Tanjirou!Take care!  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.4 E.01Title: To Defeat Muzan KibutsujiCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Genya Shinazugawa, Kanao Tsuyuri, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Amane Ubuyashiki, Kiriya Ubuyashiki, Giyuu Tomioka, Shinobu Kochou, Tengen Uzui, Muichirou Tokitou, Mitsuri Kanroji, Obanai Iguro, Sanemi Shinazugawa (Shinazugawa), Gyoumei Himejima, Hinatsuru, Makio, Suma, Aoi Kanzaki, Kiyo Terauchi, Naho Takada, Sumi Nakahara, Hotaru Haganezuka, Gotou, TamayoJapanese script from unknown transcriber (jimaku.cc) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: At night, in a forest. Shinazugawa, Iguro, and two Demon Slayers approach a castle.]Shinazugawa	What is this place?Iguro	It seems this castle fell into disrepair during the revolution, abandoned and forgotten because it’s in a remote location.Shinazugawa	I don’t like when those demons act like lords.Iguro	Are you sure that the villagers were taken there?Slayer	Yes. We even tracked them into the keep last night, but we found nothing.Shinazugawa	They can’t just disappear, you idiot. You’re so easily fooled.Slayer	My apologies!Iguro	And today, another woman disappeared.Slayer	While we were on the lookout, they took them from right under our noses.Shinazugawa	I don’t expect anything from you guys.Iguro	Hm… Apparently, we’re not too late.[Action: Iguro points to a demon carrying a woman over his shoulder.]Shinazugawa	That bastard![Action: Shinazugawa, Iguro, and the two Demon Slayers chase after the demon.]Woman	Ugh… Ngh…Demon	Hmm?Grr… I should have killed them last night.[Action: The demon runs into the castle. Shinazugawa, Iguro, and the two Demon Slayers enter.]Demon	Grr… Urah![Action: A demon lunges at one of the Demon Slayers. Iguro beheads it in one go.]Demon	Gah…[Action: Other demons charge. Shinazugawa beheads another.]Shinazugawa	Ngh! Demons	Gah! Shinazugawa	Ngh! Ugh… Demons	Gahh!Gahh…Ngh!Slayers	Ugh… Urah!Demon	Ngh… Gahh… Gahh!Grrr…Slayers	Ahh…!Ngh! There!Demon	Gah![Action: Shinazugawa, Iguro, and the two Demon Slayers defeat the last of the demons.]Iguro	You guys, get back. The Wind Hashira and I will take it from here.Slayer	But…Shinazugawa	You guys are in our way. Just get the hell out of here.Slayers	Ngh…Ugh…[Action: The two Demon Slayers flee.]Iguro	Shinazugawa, something strange is going on here.Shinazugawa	Yeah, I don’t like it. I’ve never seen so many demons swarming in one place.Woman	Help me!Shinazugawa	Ngh…[Action: Shinazugawa jumps up into an attic, coming face to face with a large group of demons.]Shinazugawa	Wind Breathing, Second Form!Demons	Gahhh!Shinazugawa	Claws-Purifying Wind![Action: Shinazugawa defeats the demons in one swing. Another wave comes, and Iguro appears.]Iguro	Serpent Breathing, Fifth Form.Demons	Gahh!Iguro	Slithering Serpent.[Action: Iguro defeats the second wave of demons.]Iguro	That was close.Shinazugawa	I didn’t ask for your help!Demon	Ugh… This strength… They’re not ordinary Demon Slayers. They’re Hashira![Action: The demon with the kidnapped woman runs from the area.]Woman	Help me!Shinazugawa	Hey, demon! Leave that woman and your head here![Action: Two demons appear in front of Shinazugawa.]Demon	Gah![Action: More demons appear. Shinzugawa mows through them.]Shinazugawa	They just keep appearing one after another!Demon	Gah!Shinazugawa	Are you demons or cockroaches?!Demon	Gah!Woman	Ahh…!Shinazugawa	Ngh!Demons	Ugh! Grr…Woman	Ahh![Action: The demon with the kidnapped woman jumps through a hole in the wall.]Shinazugawa	Hm?Demon	Urahh![Action: A demon appears from the sky. Shinazugawa cuts it down.]Shinazugawa	There are still more?Demons	Grr…Shinazugawa	Where the hell are those demons coming from?Iguro	Save the woman, Shinazugawa. I got your six.Shinazugawa	Haa… Well, I’m getting bored, too. I’ll let you take care of them![Action: Shinazugawa chases after the demon with the kidnapped woman.]Demons	Urahh…Iguro	Serpent Breathing, Third Form.Demons	Urahh…Iguro	Coil Choke.[Action: Iguro defeats a large group of demons.]Woman	Ahhh!Demons	Grrr…Shinazugawa	Listen, you can’t win even if you gather small fries. Just give up and die.Demon	Grrr…[Action: A horde of demons lunges at Shinazugawa.]Demons	Urahh!Urahhh!Shinazugawa	Tsk… Ngh![Action: Shinazugawa swings, releasing a large-scale attack.]Demons	Gahh!Shinazugawa	Wind Breathing, Fourth Form!Rising Dust Storm.Demon	Ugh… Good grief.Woman	Ah…Demon	If you want her so badly…Woman	Ah! No! What are you going to do?![Action: The demon throws the woman toward the edge of the roof.]Demon	… catch her!Woman	Ahh!Shinazugawa	Ngh…[Action: Iguro catches the kidnapped woman. Shinazugawa charges at the demon.]Shinazugawa	Ngh…Tsk…[Action: Shinazugawa and Iguro jump over the rooftop and into the Infinity Castle.]Iguro	What? Shinazugawa	Ah…! Demon	Fufufufu…Shinazugawa	Stay there, shithead![Action: Shinazugawa aims to stab the demon, but the doors to the Infinity Castle close. Shinazugawa’s sword hits the ground.]Shinazugawa	Ngh…What the heck is going on?Iguro	Hey, Shinazugawa. What was that?Where have the demons gone?Shinazugawa	How the hell should I know?[Scene: In a village. Kanao rides on a cart.]Man	You sure you want to get off at the end of this road?[Action: Kanao smiles at the man as the sun rises. She gets off the cart and arrives at the Butterfly Mansion.]Kiyo	Ah… Miss Kanao! Good work on completing your mission!Naho, Sumi	Good work![Action: Kanao finds Shinobu in her room.]Kanao	Master, I have just returned.[Action: Shinobu and Kanao walk through the estate.]Shinobu	That matter of the Swordsmith Village was just like I told you the other day. Tokitou, Kanroji, Kamado, and the others have defeated two Upper Ranks.Moreover, Nezuko has overcome the sun. There will be major developments to come.Kanao	Yes.Shinobu	Muzan Kibutsuji will probably use his demons to take Nezuko away… in order to own a demon that can overcome the sun.[Scene: In a separate room. Nezuko sits on a bed. The sun is covered by clouds.]Nezuko	Ah… Ahh…[Scene: In the hallway. Shinobu stops walking.]Shinobu	I will attend an urgent Hashira meeting at the Ubuyashiki residence.In the meantime, can I ask you to protect Nezuko?Kanao	Huh?Shinobu	Heh… It’s a request.[Scene: At the Butterfly Mansion. Tanjirou sits in bed and eats while Gotou gives him a rundown of events.]Tanjirou	I see. They’re moving their base. Are the villagers all right?Gotou	I don’t know that much about the details. They said the demons might attack at night, so they’re desperately rebuilding and relocating.Tanjirou	I see…Gotou	It’s miraculous how that was all it took even though two Upper Ranks attacked.Tanjirou	Heh… The enemies were really strong.Gotou	The Corps created several “empty villages” for such occasions, so we’re able to move quickly if something happens.Tanjirou	Wow…Gotou	Well, that’s because the Master and his family’s predictions are incredible. Anyway, you’ve been unconscious for a week. Is it okay to eat that much?Tanjirou	Yes! Kanroji said she also eats a lot! Gotou	Nah, she seems a bit beyond reason. Kanroji	(Flashback) Mmm… Delicious!Gotou	Is it true that the Love Hashira and Mist Hashira slept for two days and were almost fully recovered by the third day?Kanroji	It’s true! I respect them!Gotou	You’re getting closer to them, you know? Bit by bit.Well, it’s fine if you get better soon.Tanjirou	Huh?Gotou	I’m glad everyone is alive.Tanjirou	Yes!Gotou	Oh, this is what I wanted to ask the most. I heard your sister has become something incredible. Is she all right?Tanjirou	Oh, yes, she is. She’s starting to totter under the sun.Gotou	Isn’t that bad? Seriously, isn’t that dangerous?Tanjirou	She’s being examined, but we still don’t know anything. We don’t know if she’s turning back into a human or evolving as a demon.Gotou	Is Lady Kochou looking into it?Tanjirou	Not her, but Lady Tamayo.Gotou	Who’s Lady Tamayo?[Action: Tanjirou chokes on his riceball.]Tanjirou	Guh!Gotou	Huh?![Action: Tanjirou coughs loudly.]Gotou	Tsk… Hey, see? You ate too much! You should know that you’re still recovering!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That was close!Gotou	Your sister has become like that and things are going to start happening. Every Corps member has been given an order to be on alert, and we’re told the Hashira are gathering. What happens from now, really?[Scene: At the Ubuyashiki residence. The Hashira have gathered.]Shinazugawa	We’re the last ones, huh?Iguro	Sorry to keep you waiting.Himejima	No problem. Well done on your mission.Shinazugawa	It was nothing.I heard Kanroji and Tokitou had a fight against the Upper Ranks.Kanroji	Yeah. They were strong! I felt like I couldn’t do it anymore, but we all pulled together.Right, Muichirou?Tokitou	Yeah.Shinazugawa	Ugh… That makes me jealous. Why haven’t I encountered an Upper Rank?Iguro	It’s like almost everyone is running into them. Kanroji and Tokitou, how are you feeling now?Kanroji	Oh! Thanks for asking. I’m much better now! (Thoughts) Oh, my! He’s worried about me! Ahh~! Haha! Hahaha!Tokitou	I’m fine, too, although I’m still not in my best form.Himejima	If we lose any more Hashira, the Corps will be in danger. Defeating two Upper Ranks without dying is a tremendous feat.Shinobu	You two healed unusually fast this time. What happened?Tomioka	I believe the Master will talk about that matter, too.[Action: Amane, Kiriya, and Kanata the room. The Hashira turn to face her.]Amane	Thank you for waiting. At today’s Hashira meeting, I, Amane Ubuyashiki, will represent Kagaya Ubuyashiki.I would also like to apologize sincerely for the fact that Master Kagaya will no longer be able to appear before you due to his declining health.[Action: Amane, Kiriya, and Kanata bow.]Hashira	Ah… Ah…Ah…[Action: The Hashira bow to Amane, Kiriya, and Kanata.]Himejima	Understood. I pray that his flame of life continues to burn even one day longer. I also pray that your spirit remains strong, Amane.Amane	My sincere gratitude to all the Hashira.As you may have already heard, now that a demon who can withstand the sunlight has appeared, Muzan Kibutsuji will change his aim and come for her so that he can overcome the sun, too.A large-scale war is near. I have received reports that during the fight against Upper Rank Four and Five, Kanroji…Kanroji	Ah…Amane	… and Tokitou…Tokitou	Ah…Amane	… manifested a unique pattern of marks.Crow	Fufu!Amane	I would like you both to tell us about what conditions caused those marks to appear.Crow	Fufu…Kanroji, TokitouAh…Kanroji	Marks?Amane	During the Sengoku period, there were swordsmen of the First Breathing who had almost defeated Muzan Kibutsuji. All of them manifested marks similar to a demon crest.Shinazugawa	Huh?Tomioka, IguroAh…Amane	You may have heard such tales, but the tales are true.Shinazugawa	This is the first I’ve heard of it. Why was it kept in the dark?Amane	Many people have tormented themselves over the marks that did not manifest. That is because there is a lack of clarity regarding the legend of the marks.It could be because it was not considered important at the time, or perhaps, because the Demon Slayer Corps has been nearly destroyed many times, the information was not passed down. Only one thing was written down clearly.When the marked one appears, the mark will appear on others around as well as if in resonance.[Action: Kiriya takes out a book.]Kiriya	That was written down in the journal of the swordsman of the First Breathing.Amane	The first person in this generation who did manifest the mark… was not a Hashira but Tanjirou Kamado. He was the first marked one.[Scene: In a courtyard. Tanjirou explains the feeling of the mark manifesting to a kasugai crow.]Tanjirou	It was like “gwaaah”! And then “gaaah!” My stomach was like “groooar”! Like that!Amane	However, he did not seem to know how the mark manifested, so we put it aside for the time being. And this time, following him, two Hashira have had this awakening.Please teach us how to manifest it, Kanroji and Tokitou.Kanroji	Oh! S-Sure!(Thoughts) Lady Amane is so admirable! Mmm~!Ah! Uh, well, so at that time… if I remember right, my body became very light. Um… Uh… And then… it was… Ah!It was like “gwaaah”! And “whooom”! Then “gaaah”! My heart was thumping nonstop! My ears rang so loudly! Crack, crack, crack! Like that!Hehe…Shinazugawa	Huh?Iguro	Ugh…Kanroji	My deepest apologies. I would crawl into a hole if there was one![Action: Tanjirou sneezes.]Tokitou	Okay, it’s my turn.Kanroji	Wahh…Tokitou	I wasn’t aware of any mark that manifested on me, but when I think back to that battle, there are a few unusual things that come to mind. If the conditions are met, everyone could probably manifest the mark.I’ll tell you how I did it.[Scene: In the Ubuyashiki residence. Tokitou explains his circumstances.]Tokitou	During that battle, I was poisoned and couldn’t move.When I tried to slow down my blood circulation and the spread of the poison using my breathing, I saw the boy who wanted to save me nearly killed, my lost memories returned, and then I couldn’t control my emotions because I was so angry. I think my heart rate was over 200 beats per minute.Kanroji	Oh…Tokitou	Furthermore, my body was burning hot. My temperature must have reached over 39 degrees Celsius.Shinobu	Ah… How could you move in such a state? It could be life-threatening.Tokitou	You’re right. It was like being sieved.I think the difference between those who manifest the mark and those who don’t is whether you die or not.Amane	A heart rate over 200 beats per minute… How can you be sure your temperature was 39 degrees?Tokitou	Well, I had a fever when I was being treated at Kochou’s place. The thermometer showed my body temperature was 39 degrees. I felt it was the same heat when the mark manifested.Kanroji	(Thoughts) I didn’t realize that.Shinazugawa	Tsk… So it’s really that simple.Tomioka	I envy you for being such a simpleton that you can call that simple.Shinazugawa	What did you say?Tomioka	Nothing.[Action: Rain starts to fall.]Shinobu	That means we Hashira must manifest the mark.Himejima	Agreed. We will do something about it. Please tell the Master to rest assured.Amane	Thank you. But there is one thing I must tell you regarding the training to manifest the mark.Kanroji	What is it?Amane	Those who have manifested the mark will have no choice anymore.They, without exception, will…[Scene: Sometime later. The rain has stopped. Amane, Nichika, and Kiriya have left the room.]Himejima	I understand now. But in that case, what would happen to me? Good Lord.Tomioka	Since Lady Amane has left, I have nothing left to do here.Shinazugawa	Hey, hold on! Don’t just leave! We have to decide what each of us is going to do.Tomioka	The six of you can talk among yourselves. It has nothing to do with me.Iguro	What do you mean by that? You’re not aware enough that you’re a Hashira.Or what? Do you want to start your training as soon as possible? You want to skip the meeting?[Action: Tomioka turns to leave the room.]Kanroji	Ahh…Shinazugawa	Wait, you bastard!Shinobu	Explain yourself, Tomioka. You didn’t explain enough.Tomioka	I’m different from all of you.Shinazugawa	I don’t like it. You said the same thing before, Tomioka. Are you looking down on us?Kanroji	P-Please, don’t fight! Stay calm, okay?[Action: Tomioka begins to walk away.]Shinazugawa	Come back here![Action: Shinazugawa follows after Tomioka.]Kanroji	Ahh! No, no! Please, don’t![Action: Himejima claps his hands together, sending a shockwave through the room.]Kanroji	Gahh!Himejima	Sit down.Let’s continue our discussion. I have a proposal.[Scene: In Tanjirou’s hospital room. Gotou sets a platter of snacks and tea down for Tanjirou.]Gotou	Here you go.Tanjirou	Wow! Thank you very much![Action: Tanjirou begins eating.]Tanjirou	Mmm…Gotou	You really eat a lot.Anyway, where are those three girls and your sister? I don’t see Aoi, either.Tanjirou	There’s no member in critical condition, so they’ve been playing with Nezuko. Thanks to them, she’s learning to speak bit by bit.Gotou	Oh, I see. How peaceful.Tanjirou	Mmm! These dango are delicious!Gotou	Yeah, yeah, I know. But wouldn’t it be a problem if that Yellow Head showed up?[Scene: Outside the Butterfly Mansion. Zenitsu returns from a mission and hums to himself. A wooden toy hits him on the head.]Zenitsu	Ah, ow… Hm?Kiyo	Oh, Zenitsu. Are you done with your mission?Zenitsu	I’m back, Kiyo.Kiyo	Everyone, Zenitsu is back![Action: Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi run toward Zenitsu.]Kiyo, Naho, SumiYay!Sumi	Good work on completing your mission, Zenitsu.Kiyo, Naho	Good work!Zenitsu	Kiyo, Naho, and Sumi, you three gathered here to welcome me?Ugh, this time was really tough, too. I thought I was gonna die over and over! But everyone would be sad if I died, so I did my best!You’d be lonely without me after all, wouldn’t you?Kiyo, Naho, SumiNo, we wouldn’t.Zenitsu	What?!Kiyo	But I’m glad you made it back alive!Zenitsu	Uh, thanks…[Action: Another wooden toy flies out into the walking path. Aoi comes out.]Aoi	Oh, Zenitsu, you’ve returned. Good work.Zenitsu	Aoi! Aoi, you must’ve missed me, right? I bet you’ve been lonely!Aoi	Not really.[Action: Nezuko peeks out from behind the fence.]Nezuko	Heh…Zenitsu	Huh? Mm…Nezuko	Wel… Welcome back.Zenitsu	Wahhh! What?!Ahhhh!Kiyo, Naho, SumiAh!Aoi	So loud!Nezuko	W-Welcome back.Zenitsu	She’s so cute I could die!Aoi	Sure, feel free to die![Action: Zenitsu runs toward Nezuko. Kiyo and Naho are blasted out of the way.]Kiyo, Naho	Ahh!Zenitsu	What happened, Nezuko?! You’re talking!For me, right? It must be for me, right? You did great just for me. I’m so happy!Aoi	Please go somewhere else! Zenitsu	We can finally get married! Aoi	Ngh… Get away from her!Zenitsu	You looked so lovely under the moonlight, but you’re also irresistible in the sunlight! You’re wonderful! If you marry me, I’ll feed you sushi and eel every day! You can rest assured! Let’s make a family!Nezuko	Welcome back, Inosuke.Aoi	Pft…Sumi, Kiyo, NahoAhh…Zenitsu	Inosuke?Nezuko	Inosuke, welcome back.[Action: A vein pops in Zenitsu’s face.]Sumi, Kiyo, NahoAhh…Zenitsu	Where is he? I’m gonna go and kill him.Aoi	Don’t say such violent things![Scene: In Tanjirou’s hospital room. Tanjirou continues eating.]Gotou	By the way, where is that Boar Head?Tanjirou	If you’re looking for Inosuke… Huh? He was here this morning…Gotou	Your sister was being taught by that Boar Head, you know?Tanjirou	Being taught what?Gotou	Well, about that…Inosuke	(Flashback) Inosuke! Inosuke! Inosuke! Inosuke!Nezuko	(Flashback) Imosuke! Imofuke!Inosuke	(Flashback) Boss Inosuke!Nezuko	(Flashback) Bush Imosuke!Inosuke	(Flashback) Inosuke! Inosuke! Inosuke! Inosuke! Gotou	He had been trying to get her to remember his name. Tanjirou	Oh, I didn’t know that happened.By the way, do you have any more of these dango?Gotou	You still want more?![Scene: In Tanjirou’s hospital room. Haganezuka walks toward Tanjirou’s bed.]Tanjirou	Oh! Haganezuka!Haganezuka	Ugh…Tanjirou	Are your injuries okay?Haganezuka	Ngh…Tanjirou	Thank goodness![Action: Haganezuka breathes heavily.]Tanjirou	Huh?You don’t look okay![Action: Haganezuka holds out a sword for Tanjirou.]Haganezuka	Mm, mm, mm…Tanjirou	Oh, my sword. Thank you.[Action: Tanjirou takes the sword.]Tanjirou	Oh… Ah! It’s Rengoku’s sword guard!Thank you for protecting Kotetsu.Gotou	Please have a seat, Haganezuka. Are you all right?Haganezuka	Ahh… Ugh…[Action: Haganezuka sits down.]Haganezuka	Bla… Bla… Bla…Tanjirou	Do you mean the blade? Okay, I’ll look at it![Action: Tanjirou unsheathes the sword.]Tanjirou	Ahh…(Thoughts) Amazing. The depth of the black color is different.Haganezuka	The steel is of good quality. Its previous owner must have been a very strong swordsman.Tanjirou	It has the “slay” character on it…Haganezuka	The swordsmith who forged it had one goal. It’s a sword to slay all demons. He didn’t engrave his name or anything but just a single character.The ranking system began after this sword was made, and only the Hashira swords wereengraved with “slay the demons”.Tanjirou	Is that so? What an incredible sword.But… I don’t think there was anything engraved on it when I used it in the last battle.Haganezuka	Tsk… That’s because I had only sharpened it up to the first stage, and you guys took it from me. I hadn’t cleaned the rust off! Do you want me to kill you?!Tanjirou	I’m sorry!Haganezuka	Even now, I’m still crying because the pain of my wounds isn’t gone! It hurts so much it’s unbearable![Action: Haganezuka pulls Tanjirou’s cheek.]Tanjirou	Gahhh!Haganezuka	Thanks to your interruption while I was sharpening it, I had to start sharpening all over again! Urahhh!Tanjirou	I’m sorry!Gotou	If we’re talking about wounds, his wounds were more serious. The bones all through his body were broken.Tanjirou	Huh?Haganezuka	Ngh… I’ll kill you! Gotou	Didn’t you hear me? Haganezuka	Listen up, Tanjirou! Tanjirou	Eek!Haganezuka	You will bring me mitarashi dango until you die! You understand?! Got it?!Tanjirou	Y-Yes, I will…[Action: Haganezuka hobbles away.]Tanjirou	Thank you very much. Get well soon…Gotou	I’ve heard rumors about him, but he’s truly something.Tanjirou	Actually, he was calmer than usual. He must really be in pain.Gotou	Seriously?Genya	Can you be quieter, man?Tanjirou	Oh, sorry, Genya.We’re done already. Sorry for being so loud --[Action: Inosuke jumps through a window.]Inosuke	Urahhh!Tanjirou, GotouEek!Inosuke	Wahahaha!Tanjirou	Gahh! Inosuke! What are you doing?! You broke the window!Inosuke	Wryyy!Gotou	You fool! Lady Kochou is gonna kill you!Inosuke	Wahoo!Gotou	Shut up!Inosuke	Coming through!Gah!Genya	(Thoughts) I want a separate room…Inosuke	Strength! Strength! More strength! The joint strengthening drill is about to begin!Tanjirou	Joint strengthening?Inosuke	The strong guys are gathering and giving lessons… or something like that.Tanjirou	Huh? What’s that about?Inosuke	Dunno!Tanjirou	I see…[Scene: At night, at the Ubuyashiki residence. Shinobu finishes writing a set of plans.]Shinobu	I think we’ve pretty much worked out our training plan for the Corps members.Shinazugawa	Now all that’s left are the dates and time periods.Himejima	Let’s start in three days.Shinobu	Can we do it that early?Himejima	We’re racing against time. Now that we don’t know what Muzan Kibutsuji will do in the future, I want us to prepare everything we can.Iguro	If the demons become more active, we alone won’t be able to handle them.Shinobu	But wouldn’t the demons attack while we’re holding the training?Himejima	It’s assumed that the demons will focus on capturing Nezuko Kamado. In reality, since the incident at the Swordsmith Village, the appearance of demons has decreased significantly. If that is the case, since we could hardly train others other than our Tsuguko due to our schedules until now, in this short period of time, we should use this opportunity to strengthen the entire Corps.This is important and urgent.It is important, and therefore I propose the Hashira training.Shinazugawa	Himejima, no need to be so wordy.Shinobu	I concur.Iguro	No objection.Tokitou	Me, too.Kanroji	I also agree!Iguro	Are there enough active Hashira to hold the training?Himejima	I’m thinking of asking the retired Hashira to help us. Any objections?Shinazugawa	Of course not.Shinobu	The only thing left is… Tomioka.[Scene: In Tanjirou’s hospital room. Zenitsu talks with Tanjirou.]Zenitsu	Haa… I just got back from a mission, and now I have to do the training. I can’t stand it.Tanjirou	Are you going now, Zenitsu?Zenitsu	Yeah. We have to take the Hashira training in turns.Tanjirou	Huh? Really? That’s amazing.Zenitsu	It’s not amazing at all. It’s horrible. It’s hell.Whoever proposed this should die already.Tanjirou	Hey!Sparring with superiors is a shortcut to improving!When you face someone stronger, you absorb it and get stronger yourself!Zenitsu	Ahhh![Action: Zenitsu chews on Tanjirou’s head.]Tanjirou	Eek!Zenitsu	If you’re so optimistic, then we can no longer be friends!Tanjirou	Ow, ow! That hurts!Zenitsu	It’s okay for you! Your bone fractures haven’t healed yet! You can just go back to sleep and stay warm! I have to go train now! Do you know how I feel?!Tanjirou	Gahh! I’m sorry, I’m sorry!Zenitsu	Tsk![Action: Zenitsu turns to leave the room.]Tanjirou	Oh, Zenitsu!Zenitsu	Don’t talk to me!Tanjirou	No, wait a minute!I forgot to say thank you.When I was fighting Upper Rank Four and almost couldn’t move one of my legs, thanks to the Thunder Breathing trick you taught me, I was able to cut off the demon’s head.Of course, I couldn’t do it as fast as you, but thank you so much.Sometimes connections with others can help us get through tight spots. I’m sure that everything we learn from the Hashira training will lead to a better future.Zenitsu	You idiot! Don’t think that’s going to fix my mood~!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh, he looks happy. That’s good.Zenitsu	See you later, Tanjirou! Get well soon.Oh, jeez, everyone’s really helpless without me. Fufufufu…[Action: Zenitsu leaves the room.]Tanjirou	Ahh…I’m really thankful, Zenitsu.[Scene: In the mountains. The Hashira training begins. Several Demon Slayers run up the mountain.]Uzui	So slow, so slow, so slow! You’re all slow!What the hell are you doing?! You guys really are unbelievable!Ngh! First of all, your basic fitness is non-existent! This is just simply running! Faster! Move as if the demons are chasing you!Hey, hey, I can’t hear your voices! No need to lick the ground! It isn’t break time yet![Action: Uzui hits a Demon Slayer with his wooden sword.]Uzui	Run one more lap!Slayer	Please, no more…Uzui	You guys are total losers! The training of the active Hashira after this will be even harder!Hinatsuru	As expected, Lord Tengen is more lively when he’s on duty.Makio	Well, of course. And we must do our best to help him.Suma	Since everyone is hungry, let’s make lots and lots of rice balls!Hinatsuru, MakioYeah![Action: Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma make a bunch of rice balls and bowls of soup.]Makio	Lord Tengen, lunch is ready!Uzui	Thanks!Hey! Your meals are ready![Action: Two Demon Slayers fall to the ground.]Slayers	I can’t…I don’t feel like eating…Uzui	You guys are really sloppy.Hinatsuru	Lord Tengen, please don’t be so mad at them.Uzui	I don’t want to be, but if I send them to the next Hashira like this, I’ll be the one to blame.Makio	Here, Lord Tengen.Uzui	Thanks.Suma	It’s miso soup with lots of salt.[Action: Uzui drinks some soup.]Uzui	Ahh…This is nothing compared to their training!Suma	You’re in charge of basic fitness workouts, right? What kind of training do they have after this?Uzui	After my training… first is Tokitou’s high-speed movement training. He’ll do harsh things even with his poker face. Next, they’ll be greeted by Kanroji’s hellish flexibility training.Next comes Iguro’s training to improve swordsmanship. I tell you the Serpent Hashira is stubborn. After is Shinazugawa’s training. I heard it’s endless striking training, which, as I’m sure the name implies, will have no end.The last one is Himejima’s muscle strengthening. You have to throw away your humanity for this one.The Hashira are also expected to improve their strength as well since they have to deal with the Corps members one after another.What do you think? Isn’t that flamboyant?I wish I had the chance to train with everything I have as well. I’ll leave it to you guys.[Scene: At Shinazugawa’s training camp. Shinazugawa blows a bunch of Demon Slayers away.]Slayers	Ahhh!Shinazugawa	Come on!Slayer	Ahh…Shinazugawa	This ain’t gonna raise my temperature. You guys are too weak![Scene: At Kanroji’s training camp. Kanroji trains a Demon Slayer.]Slayer	Gah… Ahh… Gahh!Kanroji	Good, keep it up!Try a bit wider![Scene: At Iguro’s training camp. Iguro incapacitates several Demon Slayers one by one.]Slayers	Gah! Ugh… Gah! Wahh!Iguro	You never know where the enemy will attack.Feel it.[Scene: At Tokitou’s training camp. Tokitou spars with a Demon Slayer.]Slayer	Ngh!Tokitou	With all these openings, you would have been eaten by demons three times already. (Thoughts) In order to maintain the marked condition…Look, your side is open.[Scene: At Himejima’s training camp. Several Demon Slayers meditate under a waterfall.]Slayers	Erk… Ahh…Himejima	Do your best, everyone.Slayer	Gah…Himejima	This is for the extermination of all demons. For the Master’s sake, for the Corps members who have died so far, and for all the people who are still alive, we have to get through this.Hang in there.[Scene: In the evening, at Tanjirou’s hospital room. A kasugai crow pecks the window.]Tanjirou	Hm?What’s this?[Action: Tanjirou opens the window. The kasugai crow pecks Tanjirou’s forehead.]Crow	Caw!Tanjirou	Gahhh!Ah, I’m bleeding!What are you doing so suddenly? That’s mean![Action: The kasugai crow takes a paper off its leg.]Crow	Hurry, hurry. It’s a letter from the Master. Read it at once.Tanjirou	A letter for me? I wonder what it is.[Action: Tanjirou reads the letter.]Tanjirou	Ah…!Tomioka isn’t participating in the Hashira training?[Scene: At the Ubuyashiki residence. Amane sits by Kagaya’s bedside.]Amane	Master Kagaya, the Hashira have begun to train the Corps members for the upcoming battle.Your children are carrying your will and connecting with your feelings. They are willing to do it for the long-held ambition of defeating Muzan Kibutsuji.[Action: Kagaya’s hand moves. Amane takes his hand.]Kagaya	Amane.Amane	Yes?Kagaya	Thank you… for everything… you have done.Amane	Ah…Of course…[Scene: At Tamayo’s house. Tamayo continues her research. A kasugai crow flies into the window.]Tamayo	Ah…!Crow	Good evening, Tamayo.It is dangerous to leave a window open at night. But still, the moon is beautiful tonight.It is a pleasure to meet you. I am the messenger of Kagaya Ubuyashiki.admit you are very good at hiding. While I was trying to find you, Ubuyashiki became unable to move.Tamayo	How did you find this place?Crow	The human network. I have identified the previous owner of the house you bought.Also, during the day, I could grasp how Yushirou’s vision works.Even though I am trained, I am just a crow. No one is wary of me to begin with. I have no intention of harming you two, so rest assured.Tamayo	Then what do you want?Crow	Hmm… You are suspicious of me. It is understandable.As expected, it is difficult for me to gain your trust as Tanjirou did.Tamayo	(Thoughts) What are his intentions? Is Ubuyashiki trying to deceive me?Where is Yushirou?Crow	There is no need to worry about Yushirou.[Action: A noise comes from upstairs.]Tamayo	Ah…Crow	Listen. You can hear his footsteps as he comes running.Now… I shall tell you my business.In the Demon Slayer Corps, there is a child who is knowledgeable about demon bodies and pharmacology.We would like you to look into Nezuko’s transformation with her.Tamayo	Ah…Crow	Would you work with us in order to defeat Muzan Kibutsuji?We invite you to the Ubuyashiki residence.Tamayo	(Thoughts) I, a demon, am invited to the Demon Slayer Corps headquarters?  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.4 E.02Title: Water Hashira Giyu Tomioka's PainCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Inosuke Hashibira, Kanao Tsuyuri, Kagaya Ubuyashiki, Giyuu Tomioka, Shinobu Kochou, Aoi Kanzaki, Sabito, Tamayo, YushirouJapanese script from unknown transcriber (jimaku.cc) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: At Tamayo’s house. Yushirou feels a pang.]Yushirou	Ah… Lady Tamayo![Action: Yushirou rushes out of the room.]Crow	Good evening, Ms. Tamayo.It’s dangerous, you know, leaving your window open at night. But tonight, the moon is truly a gorgeous sight to behold.It’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m one of Kagaya Ubuyashiki’s messengers.Hmm… You’re full of suspicion. I don’t blame you. It would be hard to gain your trust like Tanjirou has, just as I thought.Tamayo	(Thoughts) What does he intend to do? Ubuyashiki… Is he trying to deceive me somehow?Where is Yushirou?Crow	You need not worry about Yushirou.[Action: Yushirou rushes toward Tamayo’s room.]Crow	Listen. You can hear his footsteps running toward us.Yushirou	Lady Tamayo! Lady Tamayo! Lady… Tamayo!Crow	And now… shall I state my business?There is a girl in the Demon Slayer Corps who is also well-versed in demon physiology and pharmaceuticals. Along with looking into the changes to Nezuko, we want you to collaborate with her.Tamayo	Ah…Crow	Will you work with us to defeat Muzan Kibutsuji?Please come to the Ubuyashiki Mansion.Tamayo	(Thoughts) You’re summoning me, a demon… to the Demon Slayer Corps headquarters?Crow	I’ll be waiting for a favorable response from you.[Action: Kagaya’s crow flies away.]Crow	Caw, caw![Action: Yushirou enters Tamayo’s room.]Yushirou	Lady Tamayo! [Action: Tamayo closes the window.] Yushirou	Lady Tamayo… Tamayo	Yushirou.Yushirou	Let’s clear out of this house at once! I’m ready to go!Tamayo	It’s different this time.Yushirou	Huh?Tamayo	Now that Nezuko has conquered the sun, something has been set in motion.No… It’s possible that it was already in motion before that.What happened that day has now, at last, become one large wave. And perhaps…Yushirou	Surely not, Lady Tamayo!Tamayo	Either way, we will be leaving this house. It’s just that it’s different from all the other times.I’m going to start compiling all of the research I’ve done to date, so please help me with that, Yushirou.This may very well be our last move.Yushirou	Mm…Tamayo	Let’s go… to the Demon Slayer Corps headquarters, the Ubuyashiki Mansion.[Scene: At night, in Tanjirou’s hospital room. Tanjirou reads a letter from Kagaya.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Master…Kagaya	“Tanjirou… How are your wounds healing?”“I’m ashamed to admit it, but I can no longer move.”“And though I’d like to speak with Giyuu, it doesn’t look like that will be possible.”“As this is a very important time for us, I’d like us all to strive as one as hard as we can.” “Would you mind talking to Giyuu for me?”“So that Giyuu, who tends to put himself into a negative frame of mind, can start to look ahead again, will you be persistent in your efforts to speak with him?”Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Mr. Giyuu… Yes, sir![Scene: In the morning, at the Butterfly Mansion. Aoi sweeps the ground in the courtyard. Tanjirou comes outside.]Aoi	Huh? Mr. Tanjirou, what are you doing at this hour?Tanjirou	Ms. Aoi.Aoi	You’re not going off to Hashira Training already, are you? Tanjirou	There’s someone I have to go see before I start training. Aoi	Hmm… Well, that should be fine, I guess.Tanjirou	Ms. Aoi!Aoi	What is it?Tanjirou	I’d like to ask you something. Is that okay?Aoi	Sure.Tanjirou	Let’s say there’s someone who’s all alone. How would you go about telling that person that they’re not alone in a way that would get through to that person?Aoi	Well, I wouldn’t know the answer to that, but Mr. Tanjirou, you’re hoping to cheer that person up, right?If it were me, I’d want you to let me be. Are you leaving now?Tanjirou	Oh, yes.Aoi	Could you wait a minute, please?[Action: Aoi begins to walk off.]Aoi	Oh… This person you’re going to see… It’s just one, right?Tanjirou	Yes.[Action: Aoi walks off again.]Tanjirou	Hmm… This sure is complicated…[Scene: Sometime later. Aoi holds a bundle of rice balls out for Tanjirou.]Aoi	They’re very simple, but I made you some rice balls. For you and that person.Whatever you do, you need to eat your fill first, or you can never become healthy in body and soul.Tanjirou	Ms. Aoi… Thank you!I’ll be on my way![Action: Tanjirou leaves to see Tomioka. He arrives at his house.]Tanjirou	Excuse me! Mr. Tomioka! Hello! Sorry to bother you!Mr. Giyuu! It’s me! Are you around? It’s Tanjirou Kamado! Hello!All right, I’m coming in!Tomioka	(Thoughts) Coming in? No, he must’ve said he’s leaving. I misheard him.[Action: Tanjirou opens the front door and peers inside.]Tomioka	Wha…[Action: Tanjirou sits right in front of Tomioka and explains his arrival.]Tanjirou	So, long story short, everyone’s been training!Tomioka	I know.Tanjirou	What? So you knew? I’m glad to hear it!Tomioka	(Thoughts) Too close…Tanjirou	I’ll be cleared for active duty in seven days’ time, so do you think you could train me?Tomioka	That’s a no.Tanjirou	But why not?I’m catching a faint whiff of anger… but what are you mad about?Tomioka	I’m angry that you didn’t master Water Breathing to perfection.You were supposed to become the Water Hashira.Tanjirou	I’m very sorry about that. But I did talk about it with Mr. Urokodaki, and changing the style you start out using to develop a new breathing technique isn’t all that uncommon.And as the Water Breathing moves are particularly in line with the fundamentals, he saysit’s spawned a lot of techniques.Tomioka	That’s not what I’m talking about. Right now, in the absence of a Water Hashira, someone has to assume the mantle of Water Hashira sooner rather than later.Tanjirou	In the absence of a Water Hashira? But we have you, Mr. Giyuu.Tomioka	I am… not the Water Hashira.Tanjirou	Huh?[Action: Tomioka gets up.]Tanjirou	Oh…Tomioka	Get out of here.[Action: Tomioka walks past Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah…Kagaya	(Flashback) “Will you be persistent in your efforts to speak with him?”Tanjirou	Yes, sir![Scene: In the evening. Tanjirou stands outside of Tomioka’s room.]Tanjirou	Mr. Giyuu! I’ve brought some rice balls with me! Would you like to have them with me?They say that you can’t be in a bad mood on a full stomach.All right, I’m going to leave them here.[Scene: At dawn. Tomioka returns to his house and finds Tanjirou on the floor.]Tanjirou	Mr. Giyuu! Good morning!So, you’ve had those rice balls! I’m glad to see that.[Action: Tomioka turns to leave.]Tanjirou	Ah… Mr. Giyuu!Ah… Heh…[Action: Tanjirou follows Tomioka around town.]Tanjirou	Mr. Giyuu! What’s going on, Mr. Giyuu?Mr. Giyuu! What’s the problem? Are you on patrol?It seems like there have been fewer demon sightings lately, right?No demons here, huh? Thank goodness! All right, let’s do some training now![Scene: Later in the morning. Tanjirou stands outside Tomioka’s room.]Tanjirou	Mr. Giyuu! Won’t you join us in training? Training!Everyone’s waiting for you! Mr. Giyuu![Scene: Throughout the day. Tanjirou continues to bother Tomioka.]Tanjirou	Mr. Giyuu. Mr. Giyuu! Mr. Giyuu? Mr. Giyuu!Mr. Giyuu!Tomioka	Erk…Tanjirou	Ahh~!Tomioka	(Thoughts) Is he going to… keep this up for the rest of my life? (Thoughts) If I talk to him, will he stop stalking me?[Scene: Sometime later, in the mountains. Tanjirou continues to follow Tomioka.]Tomioka	Haa…Tanjirou	Oh…Tomioka	I… never passed the Final Selection.Tanjirou	What? Final Selection? You mean the trail on the mountain with wisteria flowers?Tomioka	That’s right. That year, along with a boy whose family had also been killed by demons, a boy with peach-colored hair named Sabito, I took part in the Selection.[Scene: In the mountains. Tanjirou processes Tomioka’s words.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Sabito and Mr. Giyuu…Tomioka	I was 13. We were the same age and all alone in the world. We became fast friends.Sabito had a strong sense of justice… and he had a kind and gentle heart.Y.Tomioka, Sabito(Flashback) Fufu… Hahaha!Tomioka	The only one who died during that year’s Selection… was Sabito.He’d killed every demon on that mountain almost single-handedly.Demons	(Flashback) Gah!Tomioka	Everyone but Sabito passed that Final Seleciton.I was… wounded by the first demon that attacked me and was in a daze.Demon	(Flashback) Grr…Tomioka	At that moment… it was Sabito who saved me, too. Sabito	(Flashback) Water Breathing, Fourth Form… Striking Tide! Demon	(Flashback) Ahh!Y.Tomioka	(Flashback) Ah… Ugh…Sabito	(Flashback) Ngh…Boy	(Flashback) Eek… Ah… Ahhh!Sabito	(Flashback) Ah…Tomioka	Leaving me in the care of another boy, Sabito ran off toward the voice pleading for help.When I came to, the Final Selection was over.It’s true that I’d survived for seven days and passed the Selection, but as I’d failed to defeat a single demon and had only been saved by another, could you really say that I’d passed?I’m not worthy of being the Water Hashira.And for that matter, I’m not even worthy of standing as an equal with the other Hashira. I’m not like them. Normally, there’d be no place for me in the Demon Slayer Corps.Have the Hashira train you. That would be best.I’ll never manifest a mark. Though it might have happened for Sabito. Just forget about me from now on. You’re only wasting your time.[Action: Tomioka walks off, leaving Tanjirou behind.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’ll bet that Mr. Giyuu thinks he should’ve been the one to die.(Thoughts) I know all too well how that feels. When someone close to you that you wish had outlived you… ends up dying before you instead, and worse, dies protecting you… it leaves you feeling gutted with pain.(Thoughts) Sabito, the boy who trained me on Mt. Sagiri… That was such a strange experience. They were both already long dead, but they helped me.(Thoughts) I see. So, Sabito went through the Final Selection with Mr. Giyuu? (Thoughts) If he’d lived, he would’ve been the same age as Mr. Giyuu.(Thoughts) That’s amazing… So amazing. He saved everyone during the Selection. (Thoughts) It’s something I couldn’t do. It was all I could do to protect myself.(Thoughts) If Sabito were alive now, he would’ve become such an incredible swordsman.(Thoughts) That must be part of the reason why Mr. Giyuu feels he should’ve been the one to die.(Thoughts) I get that. I had that same thought myself.(Thoughts) Mr. Rengoku… risked his own life to protect us. He was an incredible man. (Thoughts) He was kinder than anyone else and stronger.(Thoughts) What an amazing way to live… right up to the end. (Thoughts) I wished I’d been the one to die instead of Mr. Rengoku.(Thoughts) I thought Mr. Rengoku might’ve been the one to kill Muzan one day. But…Inosuke	(Flashback) He said he believes in you, so just think about how you’re going to measure up to that!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Right. Yes, that’s right.(Thoughts) Absolutely! But what should I say to Mr. Giyuu?(Thoughts) No matter how pathetic and embarrassed you may feel, you’ve got to go on living. Though he refuses to acknowledge it himself, I can imagine how hard he must’ve driven himself, whipped himself into shape to become a Hashira. Just how much suffering he must’ve gone through…(Thoughts) It’s not my place to criticize Mr. Giyuu when I know nothing about him. But… But there’s one thing that I just have to ask him.[Action: Tanjirou begins following Tomioka.]Tanjirou	M-Mr. Giyuu!(Thoughts) Ugh, he won’t stop for me!Mr. Giyuu… Mr. Giyuu… Aren’t you going to pass on what Sabito entrusted to you?Y.Tomioka	(Flashback) S-Sabito?Sabito	(Flashback) Don’t ever say you should’ve died again!(Flashback) Next time you say it, you and I are through! I won’t be your friend anymore!(Flashback) Your big sister, who was supposed to be married the next day, knew what was going to happen when she hid you from the demons to protect you! You, of all people, shouldn’t be insulting your sister’s memory!(Flashback) Don’t you dare die, no matter what! The life that your sister saved for you by sacrificing her own… the future that she entrusted to you… You have to pass those on, too, Giyuu!Tomioka	(Thoughts) It hurts.(Thoughts) The shock and pain that I felt when he struck me across the face is coming back to me now so vividly.(Thoughts) Why did I forget it?(Thoughts) That conversation with Sabito…Y.Tomioka	(Flashback) Ngh…Tomioka	(Thoughts) … was important, wasn’t it?Y.Tomioka	(Flashback) Ahh…Sabito	(Flashback) Heh…Tomioka	(Thoughts) I didn’t want to remember it because I wouldn’t be able to stop the tears.Y.Tomioka	(Flashback) Ngh… Ugh… Ngh…Tomioka	(Thoughts) Remembering made my grief unbearable, and it left me utterly helpless.Y.Tomioka	(Flashback) Ahhh!Tomioka	(Thoughts) Big Sis Tsutako… Sabito… Sorry that I’m so immature.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Uh-oh… Now he’s standing stock-still.(Thoughts) What should I do? Was that harsh of me? Mr. Giyuu seemed pretty down already, so did I make it worse?(Thoughts) I know! How about a speed eating contest?(Thoughts) If I win the contest, I’ll say, “Let’s cheer up and get some training in,” or something.(Thoughts) Since I haven’t been cleared for active duty yet, it’s not like I can spar with him or anything… and Mr. Giyuu may be a man of few words, but he wouldn’t have to talk during a speed eating contest! What a brilliant idea!Tomioka	Tanjirou… It’s a little late, but I’ll join the in the training --Tanjirou	Mr. Giyuu! Wanna take me on in a cold soba noodle speed eating contest?Tomioka	(Thoughts) Why?[Scene: Sometime later, in the city. Tanjirou and Tomioka have a speed eating contest.]Tomioka	Listen, about the training program, I didn’t hear any mention of Kochou. What’s Kochou teaching you all?Tanjirou	Ms. Shinobu?Come to think of it, I haven’t heard anything. I wonder how she is.[Scene: At Shinobu’s house. Shinobu sits in her room in front of an altar.]Shinobu	(Thoughts) Calm down. It’s all right.(Thoughts) Big Sis… Help me calm down.(Thoughts) Only the immature fail to control their emotions. The immature…[Action: Veins pop in Shinobu’s forehead.]Kanao	Master… You’ve returned, then?I’m leaving now to be trained by the Wind Hashira.Shinobu	I see.Kanao	Can your training session wait until after the Stone Hashira’s? Shinobu	I won’t be able to take part in the Hashira Training this time around. Kanao	What? B-But why?Shinobu	Kanao, come over here.Kanao	Okay.[Action: Shinobu and Kanao sit across from each other.]Kanao	Um… Um… I want to train with you more, Master.Shinobu	Ah… Heh…I can see you’ve learned to be much more candid about voicing your feelings. That’s a good sign.Just as I thought, the timing is just right.I’d like to tell you… about the demon who killed my older sister, Kanae.Kanao	Huh?Shinobu	And… let me also tell you… how to go about killing that demon.  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.4 E.03Title: Fully Recovered Tanjiro Joins the Hashira Training!!Character List:Tanjirou Kamado, Giyuu Tomioka, Tengen Uzui, Muichiro Tokito, Sanemi Shinazugawa, Obanai Iguro, Hinatsuru, Suma, Makio, Demon SlayersJapanese script from unknown transcriber (jimaku.cc) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: In the mountains. The Demon Slayer Corps continues their Hashira training.]Uzui	Too slow! Too slow!Let’s see some fire! I don’t believe how slow you are! It’s going to get dark soon![Action: Uzui hits a Demon Slayer with his wooden sword.]Slayer	Guh!Uzui	Swing those arms more! Throw your legs forward!Slayer	Ngh… Yes, sir! Grrr… Urahhh![Action: The Demon Slayer runs past Uzui’s block.]Uzui	Come on, let’s hear you shout![Scene: In the forest. The Demon Slayers continue their training with Uzui.]Slayers	One, two…Uzui	Think of it this way! You can’t move on to the next step without boosting your basic stamina!It all starts with the basics! The basics!Slayer	Gah…[Action: Uzui stabs a Demon Slayer in the stomach with his wooden sword.]Slayer	Gahh! Ugh!Uzui	You’re so not going to make it through Shinazugawa and Kanroji’s training after this! You slacker…Slayers	I’m so sorry! (Thoughts) It’s hell…(Thoughts) It’s hell here, too! Ah!               (Thoughts) There’s only hell in store for us! Uzui	Come on! Keep it together, dammit! Jeez… Tanjirou	Mr. Uzui!Uzui	Oh? Hey![Action: Tanjirou runs toward Uzui and the rest of the Demon Slayers.]Tanjirou	Haha!Uzui	Is that you, Kamado?Hey there! Long time no see!Tanjirou	Yes!It’s been a long time! I’m so glad to see you doing well, Mr. Uzui!Uzui	Hah! If you can call this “well”![Action: Uzui flicks his eyepatch.]Uzui	Look at what I’ve become!Tanjirou	Heh…Uzui	I hear that you took on another Upper Rank! You’re a lucky guy to still be intact!Tanjirou	Yes, fortunately, I managed to survive somehow!Uzui	Right! Well, after all that rest, you can shatter the rust off your body here!Tanjirou	Right! I’m going to give it my all![Action: Tanjirou joins in Uzui’s training. He easily overcomes the physical tests.][Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou finds Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma.]Suma	Hm? Oh, wow! Long time no see!Hinatsuru	Tanjirou!Makio	You’re finally here, huh?Tanjirou	You’re all looking as well as ever!Thank you for all you did for me!Makio	Hey, why are you sounding so formal? Hinatsuru  After all, you’re the one who saved us. Suma	Look at you now!Makio	Yeah, you’re looking manly!Tanjirou	Heh…Uzui	You guys, you need to eat up more!Tanjirou, SumaOh…Suma	Hehehe…Uzui	If you don’t eat, the afternoon session will be even more grueling!Slayers	What?!Uzui	If you don’t finish your meal, I’m going to add more drills to the session.Slayers	We’ll eat! We’ll eat! Tanjirou	Haha… Okay, then me, too! Makio	Here you go!Hinatsuru	Have a lot, okay?Tanjirou	Okay! Thank you for the meal![Action: Tanjirou sits down for his meal.]Makio	If you don’t empty this pot, Lord Tengen is going to tack on more drills!Slayers	Haa… Hm?Listen, you’re on patrol tonight, right? Yeah.Could you switch with me?Not a chance. If you go on night patrol, you’re excused from training in the morning. Haa…Uzui	Jeez…[Scene: At night. Two Demon Slayers go on patrol.]Slayer 1	We sure haven’t been seeing any demons lately, huh?Slayer 2	Well, that in itself is pretty scary.Slayer 1	I hear it’s because the demons are searching for a girl named Nezuko.Slayer 2	That’s just speculation, isn’t it?It’s not like anyone actually asked a demon in person.Slayer 1	Well, yeah, sure. But wouldn’t it be great if they could just be gone forever?Slayer 2	That’s probably not realistic. I mean, demon slaying has been going on for a thousand years.[Action: The lantern goes out.]Slayer 1	Ah… Huh?H-Hey…Where are you? Huh?Ah…[Action: One of the Demon Slayers breathes heavily. He prepares to draw his sword, but the other jumps out from behind a wall.]Slayer 2	Boo!Slayer 1	Ahh!Slayer 2	Who knows? One could pop up like this from the alley.Slayer 1	D-Don’t be such a jerk!Slayer 2	Hey, my bad.Slayer 1	Ngh…[Action: The Demon Slayers hear a sound coming from the alleyway.]Slayers	Huh?Slayer 1	Enough’s enough, okay? We’re going to take this seriously!Slayer 2	Yeah…[Action: The Demon Slayers walk away. Nakime’s eye follows them.][Scene: The next morning. Uzui’s training starts again.]Uzui	All right! Let’s move on to the next drill! Split up into pairs![Action: Tanjirou carries another Demon Slayer on his back.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Here I go![Action: Tanjirou runs off with the Demon Slayer.]Slayers	Woah!So fast…Uzui	Come on now! You guys show me what you’re made of, too!Slayer	Gah! Ugh…So, there’s no way you can fight an Upper Rank unless you have that kind of insane stamina?[Scene: Sometime later. The Demon Slayers sit down for lunch.]Slayer	Those Upper Ranks are crazy strong, right? Tanjirou	Sure, more than you can believe. Mm… Slayer	What’s it like?Tanjirou	Well, let’s see… There’s a “pow”! And you’ve already been hit.Slayer	Ah…Tanjirou	But the fact that you’re not dead means you were able to respond, so then you turn around, only to get slammed again…Slayer	Ah… Ah…Tanjirou	… and next, you feel a “crunch”!And if that cuts off the oxygen to your brain --Slayer	All right, gotcha! We’ve heard enough!So, I guess there is a world that’s beyond the comprehension of us ordinary folks. Yeah.Tanjirou	Mmm…[Scene: Sometime later. The Hashira training finishes.]Uzui	All right! Let’s wrap things up for today!Let’s see…[Action: Uzui points to a mountain in the distance.]Uzui	Today, you’re hitting that mountain! Take a lap around its foot and come back!Slayers	What?Uzui	If you don’t get a move on, no dinner for you!Hinatsuru, Makio, SumaHeh…Uzui	Come on, guys, run! Get going already! If you can’t even take this, you’re not gonna cut it!Hinatsuru	Fufufu… Lord Tengen has a way of giving them the rough side of his tongue…Suma	… but he’s actually a real softie!Makio	Like, the other day, he refused to eat his own meal until the last Demon Slayer came back, and in the end, we went all the way to the mountain to get him!Suma	Hahahaha![Action: Uzui pats Makio on the head.]Makio	Ah…Uzui	I can hear every word you say.Makio	Hahahaha…Uzui	The Master put these Demon Slayers in my care, and I can’t let them flame out on my watch.Makio	Yes, of course not.Hinatsuru	Fufufufu…Tanjirou	All right, I’ll be heading out, too!Uzui	Right! Go take a quick spin![Action: Tanjirou runs off to join the rest of the Demon Slayers.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Everyone with the potential to become a Hashira is kind deep down inside![Scene: In the past, at a restaurant. Tanjirou and Tomioka have their soba eating competition.]Tanjirou	(Flashback) Hey, Mister! Another tray, please!Chef	(Flashback) You got it!Tanjirou	(Past Thoughts) I can’t take much more of this… But I gotta win, or I won’t be able to keep my promise to the Master!(Past Thoughts) I have to do all that I can so Mr. Giyuu will join the rest of us!Tomioka	(Flashback) Can I get another?Tanjirou	(Flashback) Huh?!Chef	(Flashback) You got it!Customers	(Flashback) Wha…Tomioka	(Flashback) You say that I have to take part in the training if I lose this match… but does that mean I don’t have to if I win?Tanjirou	(Flashback) Huh? Th-That’s not…[Action: The chef brings two more trays of soba.]Chef	(Flashback) Okay, here you go!Tanjirou	(Flashback) Ah…Chef	(Flashback) One for you, too!Tomioka	(Flashback) Mister… Bring him one more.Tanjirou	(Flashback) Huh?!Chef	(Flashback) Gotcha!Tanjirou	(Flashback) Ah…Tomioka	(Flashback) I’m calling it quits after this tray.(Flashback) In other words, if you eat that extra order, you’ll have defeated me. (Flashback) If I then take part in the Hashira Training, you’ll be satisfied, right?Tanjirou	(Flashback) Yes! That would make me happy!Tomioka	(Flashback) Then finish every last noodle.Tanjirou	(Flashback) All right!(Past Thoughts) I’m sure… Mr. Giyuu can still go on eating! Even so… I’m bursting! I’m bursting! I’m bursting!![Scene: In the evening. Iguro finds Shinazugawa.]Iguro	I got here late.Shinazugawa	I only just got here myself.So? How’s your training going?Iguro	Never in a million years could I see them as becoming assets against an Upper Rank.Shinazugawa	Haa… You could say the same about mine.Iguro	However, training the Corps members is what the Master wants.Shinazugawa	Yeah.Iguro	So, what did you want at this hour? Shinazugawa	Tsk… It’s been bugging me all this time. Iguro	You mean what happened at that castle?Shinazugawa	You and I drove the demons to the brink together. But then, they all vanished somewhere.Iguro	Right. That many of them disappeared without a trace in a flash.Shinazugawa	Yeah.Iguro	I’ve been pondering myself ever since that day… what could be behind that door. That there might actually be a demon hideout we don’t know about.Shinazugawa	A hideout, huh? Since that day, I’ve looked into that castle numerous times only to come up empty.Iguro	Right around that time, the demons all vanished from the cities at once.Shinazugawa	So, they’re after Kamado’s little sister, after all?Iguro	No doubt about that, I’m sure. Something huge might be about to start.Shinazugawa	Hmph… Whatever starts, I’ll be happy to bring it all to an end!Iguro	Don’t you think this might be a bad omen for the Demon Slayer Corps?So long as I’m training the Corps members, it keeps me distracted. But I look at the situation with a dispassionate eye, and I can’t help being aware of what’s to come.That this stillness… might be the harbinger of a storm.Shinazugawa	Going on and on about it now isn’t going to get us anywhere.Iguro	I do have a proposal for you.Shinazugawa	Heh… And I happen to have one for you, too. Mind if I tell you mine first?Take me on in a match!Iguro	What a coincidence. That’s just what I was going to propose.[Scene: At Uzui’s training camp. Tanjirou brings a pot inside a shed.]Tanjirou	I’m going to leave it right here, okay?Suma	Oh, thank you, Tanjirou!Hinatsuru	Here, drink this.[Action: Hinatsuru gives Tanjirou a cup of tea.]Suma	That’s high-quality gyokuro tea! Makio	It’s good for recovering from fatigue! Tanjirou	Oh, really? Thank you, then! [Action: Tanjirou drinks the tea.]Tanjirou	It’s delicious…Hinatsuru	Tanjirou, we’ve been wanting to thank you again for what you did at the Entertainment District.Suma	Thank you!Tanjirou	Huh?Makio	We’re really grateful to you!Tanjirou	Oh, but… it wasn’t just me, so…Hinatsuru	You, your little sister, that boar kid, the young man with the yellow hair, and Lord Tengen… If even one of you hadn’t been there, I don’t think we could’ve seen the sunrise that morning.For Lord Tengen and all three of us to have made it home alive together… Really, what could it have been but a miracle?[Action: Hinatsuru begins to cry.]Hinatsuru	Mm…Makio	Hinatsuru…Hinatsuru	But… the truth is Lord Tengen still wants to fight.Suma	He’s always calling out in his sleep.Makio	All this time, he’s been blaming himself for leaving the Corps.Hinatsuru	Tanjirou… Please defeat Muzan Kibutsuji, all right?Tanjirou	Yes. I promise.[Scene: In the late evening. Uzui gathers the Demon Slayers.]Uzui	All right, you guys! Listen up! I’m calling off the long-distance mountain run that we finish up with every day!And I’m replacing it with a special drill that’s close to actual combat! Head to the mountain![Action: The Demon Slayers head to the mountains at night.]Uzui	Battles with demons always happen at night.That’s why we have to hone our combat skills in the dark.Strain to see in the dark, and what you can’t see you’ll just have to sense! Starting now, I’m a demon.I’m a demon that’s going to devour you. Let’s see you try to survive somehow.And Kamado, your job is to bring me down while protecting the rest of these guys!Slayer	Ah…[Action: Uzui hits a Demon Slayer with his wooden sword.]Slayers	Gah!Ah… Ngh… Ah…Hey! Here he comes! He’s nearby!Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Uzui continues to strike the Demon Slayers.]Slayer	Gah!Tanjirou	Ah…Slayer	Ngh!Tanjirou	Ngh…Slayer	Ugh! Gah!Ngh… Ugh! Gah!Guh… Eek!I can’t see a thing!Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) Mr. Uzui is a former shinobi, so no wonder! I can’t search for his presence by smell!(Thoughts) Where is he? Where is Mr. Uzui?![Action: Tanjirou catches a glimpse of Uzui.]Tanjirou	Ah!Slayers	Gah! Ugh! Ngh! Gahh…[Action: The moonlight shines on Uzui.]Tanjirou	Mr. Uzui!Slayer	I-Impossible… A-Against a Hashira, we don’t stand a chance![Action: Uzui comes up behind a Demon Slayer.]Slayer	Ah!Uzui	Would you say the same thing to a demon?Slayer	Huh? Erk![Action: Uzui knocks out another Demon Slayer.]Tanjirou	Mr. Uzui is a former Hashria, so if we hit him with any half-hearted attacks, he’ll see right through them all!Stay together! Everyone, come close to me, stand back to back, and don’t leave yourselves open in any way!Slayers	Ngh…[Action: The Demon Slayers run toward Tanjirou, but Uzui catches up to them instantly.]Uzui	Too slow! Too slow! Way too slow![Action: Uzui swings at the Demon Slayers, but Tanjirou blocks the attack.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Slayers	Ngh… Gahh!Ugh…Uzui	Hey, not bad, Kamado.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) His strength with just one hand… That’s Mr. Uzui for you!Ngh![Action: Tanjirou breaks the parry.]Uzui	Come on now! Come at me again!Tanjirou	Yes, sir!Ngh… Ngh![Action: Tanjirou continues to fight Uzui.]Slayers	A-Amazing…He’s holding his own against a former Hashira![Action: Uzui kicks Tanjirou away.]Tanjirou	Gah!Slayer	This is… an exchange of blows between two people who fought an Upper Rank and survived.Tanjirou	Ngh!Uzui	(Thoughts) You sure took your skills to the next level… Kamado!Slayers	Ngh… Ngh…[Action: A Demon Slayer runs up to Uzui to strike.]Slayer	Ngh![Action: Uzui dodges the attack. The Demon Slayers continue coming for Uzui.]Slayers	Urahh!Gah!Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) You guys!Uzui	Heh… Hey, now you’re starting to look good!Come on!Slayers	Urahhh!Tanjirou	Urahhh![Scene: Sometime later. Uzui finishes beating the Demon Slayers.]Uzui	You guys, how could you let a retired guy like me clobber you like this?Haa… Jeez, can’t you even show me some bravado?Slayer	We don’t stand a chance.Uzui	Huh?Slayer	Against a former Hashira… You’re asking too much!Uzui	Look, you! I didn’t train you to make you freak out!Slayer	I know that!Uzui	Hm?Slayers	The Hashira and Kamado might be able to defeat the Upper Ranks and Muzan Kibutsuji!This has given me that hope! Me, too!M-Me, too! Me, too!So, we’re all going to work hard so that one day, we can at least support you! We’re going to train and get stronger!We’re going to get stronger!Uzui	You guys…Slayer	Ngh… Urgh…[Scene: The next morning. The Hashira Training continues again.]Slayers	One! Two! One! Two!Uzui	You know what? Despite it all, they’re making progress for sure.There’s nothing more for you to do here. Move on to the next step.Tanjirou	Right.Uzui	We defeated an Upper Rank. But Muzan Kibutsuji… Until we defeat him, it will never end.Tanjirou	Ah…Uzui	I’m counting on you.Tanjirou	Right. I’ll bring him down, no matter what. Suma	Tanjirou, good luck at your next stop, too! [Action: Suma gives Tanjirou his pack.]Tanjirou	All right, everyone, I’ll see you again at another training ground!Slayers	Kamado! We’re counting on you!We’ll be heading your way later on!Tanjirou	I’ll be going now. Thank you so much!Uzui	Sure! You take care!Hinatsuru	Good luck!Suma	Take care, all right?Makio	See you![Action: Tanjirou leaves for the next training ground.]Crow	Caw!Tanjirou	Ah… Heh…Crow	We have arrived! We have arrived!Work hard now.[Action: Tanjirou opens the doors to Tokitou’s area.]Slayer	I-I can’t take this anymore!Tanjirou	Ah…Tokitou	What are you talking about? If you can’t even handle this, you’ll be devoured by a demon right away.Tanjirou	Ah… Hey, it’s Tokitou!Slayer	Urahh! Ngh![Action: A Demon Slayer swings at Tokitou. Tokitou dodges easily and hits the Demon Slayer several times with his wooden sword.]Slayer	Gah…[Action: Tokitou knocks the Demon Slayer’s sword away.]Slayer	Eek!Tokitou	Hey, you… If this were real, you’d have died three times by now.  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.4 E.04Title: To Bring a Smile to One's FaceCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Muichirou Tokitou, Mitsuri Kanroji, Sanemi Shinazugawa, Obanai Iguro, Kouzou Kanamori, Tanjirou’s crow (Tan.Crow), Tokitou’s crow (Toki.Crow), Demon SlayersJapanese script from SubsPlease (jimaku.cc) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: At Tokitou’s training area. Tanjirou arrives.]Tan.Crow	We have arrived! We have arrived! Work hard now.[Action: Tanjirou opens the door. A Demon Slayer is getting hit with a wooden sword.]Slayer	Gah! I-I can’t take this anymore!Tanjirou	Ahh…Tokitou	What are you talking about? If you can’t even handle this, you’ll be devoured by a demon right away.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Hey, it’s Tokitou!Slayer	Urahh! Ngh![Action: A Demon Slayer swings at Tokitou. Tokitou dodges the attack and counters.]Slayer	Ngh… Ahh…[Action: Tokitou knocks the Demon Slayer’s sword away.]Slayer	Eek!Tokitou	Hey, you… If this were real, you’d have died three times by now. [Scene: At Tokitou’s training area. Tokitou scolds the Demon Slayers.]Tokitou	Even if you get hit, you’ve got to move right away… and pull yourself together.[Action: The Demon Slayers get ready to fight again. Tokitou prepares himself.]Tokitou	Follow my movements.[Action: Tokitou launches forward and easily knocks down the other Demon Slayers.]Slayers	Ngh… Gah! Guh! Ugh! Gah! Ah!Ah… Ahh…Gah!Tokitou	You know what? You died again.Listen. Even if someone falls, don’t stop moving.Slayers	Gah! Gah! Eek!Ah…Tokitou	Consider yourself dead, as well, if you stop.Tanjirou	Ahh…Tokitou	Hm? Oh, Tanjirou! I’ve been waiting for you!Tanjirou	You’re looking well!Toki.Crow	Hah! You people are useless! Go get devoured by a demon and die!Slayers	Erk…Her again?Toki.Crow	What are you looking at, bottom-feeder?!Tanjirou	That’s Tokitou’s Kasugai Crow. She’s still as insulting as ever…[Action: The other Demon Slayers begin leaving the training area.]Slayers	What a loudmouth. Get lost, will you?Toki.Crow	Huh?! You shut your mouth! Or I’ll gouge out your eyes!Tanjirou	Hey, Tokitou! Long time no see! I look forward to being trained by your starting today!Tokitou	Same here, Tanjirou.Will you come with me for a second?[Action: The Demon Slayers wash themselves off as Tokitou leads Tanjirou to another building.]Toki.Crow	Use that water sparingly!Tan.Crow	You need to shut up!Toki.Crow	Huh?![Action: Tokitou enters the building.]Tokitou	We’re coming in. Kanamori	Well, hello, Lord Tokitou! Tanjirou	Mr. Kanamori!Kanamori	Hmm? Well, if it isn’t Tanjirou!You seem like you’ve healed up quite nicely! Thank goodness!Tanjirou	Yes! Thank you very much!So, what are you doing here?Tokitou	I asked him to come.Tanjirou	Huh?[Action: Tokitou takes a sword off the wall.]Tokitou	Tanjirou, would you mind holding this?[Action: Tokitou gives Tanjirou the blade.]Tokitou	Step back a little with the blade facing me.[Action: Tanjirou does as he’s told.]Tanjirou	Like this?Tokitou	Stand there without moving.[Action: Tokitou throws a paper airplane at the sword. It splits cleanly in two.]Tokitou	Well?Tanjirou	It’s amazingly sharp!Tokitou	That’s why I wanted Mr. Kanamori here.Tanjirou	Then, Mr. Kanamori, you’re…Kanamori	Yes. I’m here on a permanent basis tending to his swords.Tokitou	I’d like my swords to always be in the best possible condition, ready for battle. When I made that request, the Master told me I could do as I wished.Tanjirou	The Master?Tokitou	And… he even built me this room for honing my swords.Although I wish he’d focus more on taking care of himself… we’re always first and foremost in his thoughts. We should really be grateful for that, right?[Scene: In the late afternoon. Tokitou’s training continues. Tokitou knocks a wooden sword out of a Demon Slayer’s hands.]Slayer	Ngh…Tokitou	You’re leaving yourself wide open. Pick up your wooden sword.[Action: The Demon Slayer picks up his wooden sword.]Slayer	Ngh… Ugh… Urahhh![Action: The Demon Slayer charges forward, but Tokitou easily dodges and hits him in the back.]Slayer	Ah!Tanjirou	Hahaha…Tokitou	You’ll never be a match for your opponent if you attack emotionally, all right? More like a moth flying into a flame, actually.There are no do-overs when you battle a demon. Even if you’re 9-1, that one loss could be fatal.You need to hone every one of your movements to gain the skills that will help you survive.Slayer	Ngh…Tokitou	Let’s call it a day, then.[Action: Tokitou leaves the training area.]Slayers	Ngh…Are you okay?You’re not hurt, are you?Tanjirou	Hmm…Slayers	Hey, Kamado.Tanjirou	Hm?Slayers	Do you think you could ask the Hashira to ease up a little with the drills? If this keeps up, we’re gonna collapse before we ever take on a demon.Tanjirou	Hmm… But… I think this must be hardest on Tokitou himself. He’s the one who’s been training us nonstop on his own.Slayer	You have a point there.Tanjirou	Right?[Scene: At the wash station. Tanjirou rinses his face.]Tanjirou	Haa…Slayer	Here’s a towel.Tanjirou	Thanks.Slayers	It would be great if he could at least drop that tone with us.It’s pretty soul-crushing, isn’t it? Uh-huh!Tanjirou	But to me, it seems like he’s actually toned it down some compared to before.Slayers	Seriously?It’s hopeless.Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees Tokitou leaving through a gate some distance away.]Tanjirou	Tokitou?I wonder where he’s going.Slayers	The Hashira always goes out somewhere at nightfall.He’s probably having dinner, I guess. [Scene: At night, in an empty area. Shinazugawa and Iguro spar.]Shinazugawa	Wind Breathing… Fourth Form… Rising Dust Storm! Iguro	Serpent Breathing, Fifth Form… Slithering Serpent! [Action: Shinazugawa blocks Iguro’s attack and knocks him away.]Shinazugawa	Ugh… Ngh…Even…Iguro	… is what we seem to be.Tokitou	Let me join in, too.Iguro	Tokitou, huh?Shinazugawa	You come all this way out here every day. That doesn’t affect your daytime training?Tokitou	It might suffice as training for the Corps members, but it’s not enough for me.Shinazugawa	Heh… Well, yeah. For us, this is the real Hashira Training.Tokitou	Right. It’s not fair, you know, leaving out the rest of us.Iguro	All right, to show our respect for you, Tokitou, Shinazugawa and I will take you on two against one.Let’s go.Tokitou	Both of you? That’s hardly fair. Ready when… you are!Iguro	Ngh…[Action: Tokitou launches forward. Iguro swings but misses.]Iguro	Ah…[Action: Shinazugawa swings at Tokitou. Tokitou blocks the attack.]Shinazugawa	Ngh![Action: Shinazugawa swings again but misses. Tokitou blocks his attack and pushes Shinazugawa away.]Shinazugawa	Ngh… Ugh![Action: The three Hashira continue to spar.]Toki.Crow	Nice going! Just demolish those two! You’re so incredible!Shinazugawa	Shut up![Action: Shinazugawa sends a small attack at Tokitou’s crow.]Toki.Crow	Gah![Scene: Sometime later. Tokitou, Shinazugawa, and Iguro end their spar.]Shinazugawa	Phew… Today’s training hit hard again.If we’d lost focus for even a second, someone could’ve gotten hurt for real.Iguro	Well, otherwise, there’d be no point in training.Shinazugawa	Taking on the Corps members by day, combat-style training with you guys by night… Heh… Not bad at all.Iguro	Tokitou, how’s your daytime training going?Tokitou	Tanjirou came today.Iguro	Mm…Shinazugawa	That guy? Talk about stubbornly refusing to die!Tokitou	It looks like his wounds are healing up, and he’ll probably be fully recovered by the time he gets to your place, Mr. Iguro.Iguro	Is that right? Then, that means I can be thorough with him, right?Shinazugawa	Just because he got somewhat stronger, it doesn’t mean he’s anywhere near a match fora Hashira! We’ll show him!Tokitou	That sounds like fun! Good luck, Tanjirou![Scene: In the morning, at Tokitou’s training area. Tokitou launches toward a Demon Slayer.]Slayer	Eek!Tokitou	All right, you’re dead.You, there… You’ve stopped moving.[Action: Tokitou hits another Demon Slayer.]Slayer	Ah… Gah!Tokitou	All right, you’re dead, too.You know what? I’m not sensing enough urgency. Why don’t we try training with real swords?Slayers	Huh?Tokitou	Bring us some real swords.Slayer	R-Right![Action: Another Demon Slayer prepares to face Tokitou with a real sword.]Slayer	Ngh…Tokitou	All right. Let’s begin.Slayer	B-But…Tokitou	Take your stance.Slayer	I-I can’t… I can’t do this!Tokitou	Come on.Slayer	Ah…Ngh… Ah… Ah…[Action: The Demon Slayer breathes heavily and prepares to fight.]Tanjirou	Tokitou, I think that’s --Slayer	I’m sorry![Action: The Demon Slayer falls to the ground.]Slayer	Ngh…Huh? Ah… Ah…Tokitou	You didn’t attack me blindly, which might be a sign of growth.Slayer	Ngh… I already know. Compared to you, I have no clue how grueling battles can be.Not only that, but I also know that you go somewhere every night, and that underneath your clothing, you’re all covered in bruises.I’ve seen you cooling them off with water early in the morning. We’re going to work hard to get better, so…Tokitou	I think you’re all doing as well as you can. But even so, that doesn’t mean you can win.I don’t want you to get killed by a demon.If possible, I want you to live long lives. That’s how I really feel.Tanjirou	Tokitou…[Scene: Several days later. Tanjirou trains with Tokitou.]Tokitou	That’s right! Tanjirou, you’ve gotten even faster than before!Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Tanjirou blocks Tokitou’s attack.]Tokitou	You’ve got to make the switch from relaxing and tensing up your muscles more fluid.[Action: Tanjirou and Tokitou continue sparring.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Tokitou	That’s good! Yes, like that!That way, your stamina will last longer.Tanjirou	Urah![Action: Tanjirou brings his sword down. Tokitou barely blocks it.]Tokitou	Ah… Heh…Your legs and lower back are in sync! You’ve nailed it! You can move on to the next Hashira, Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Huh? Already?Tokitou	Sure!Tanjirou	But it’s only been five days!Tokitou	But you’ve mastered everything I told you to do!Tanjirou	What~?Slayers	Th-Then, can we go, too?Since we’ve been here for two weeks now.Tokitou	What are you talking about? You’re not going anywhere.If you’re done taking dry swings, go practice striking until the dummy breaks.Slayer	Can you believe the difference?Tanjirou	Ah… Oh!Tokitou!Tokitou	Hm?Tanjirou	Let’s have a paper airplane tossing contest!Tokitou	Where did that come from?[Action: Tanjirou presents his paper airplane.]Tanjirou	Ta-dah!I heard that you’re into paper airplanes, Tokitou. And since that’s something that’s not quite out of my reach…Kanamori	(Flashback) Lord Tokitou’s hobbies, you say? Well, let’s see… Oh, the one thing that comes to mind is paper airplanes, I guess.Tanjirou	(Flashback) Paper airplanes?Kanamori	(Flashback) Yes. There are tons of them here.Tanjirou	(Flashback) Woah!If I win, you’ll speak to the Corps members just a little more gently. What do you say?Tokitou	Ahh… Sure, fine with me.Tanjirou	I’m not going to lose! Tokitou	You’re not going to beat me. Slayer	You sure are a good guy!Tanjirou	Hahahaha…[Scene: Sometime later, outside. Tanjirou and Tokitou prepare to battle their paper airplanes.]Tanjirou	Out of ten rounds, if I can make my plane fly longer even once, I win. Are you sure about that?Tokitou	Yes, since you won’t be able to beat me even once.Tanjirou	Hey! You’d think at least once…Tokitou	Are we doing this or not?Tanjirou	You bet we are!Kanamori	All right! When I signal, please toss them at the same time!One, two, three, go![Action: Tanjirou and Tokitou fly their paper airplanes. Tokitou’s flies in a straight line while Tanjirou’s flips around.]Tanjirou	Huh?Kanamori	Winner, Lord Tokitou!Slayers	You can do it, Kamado!Better luck next time!Kanamori	Go![Action: Tanjirou and Tokitou fly their planes again several more times. Tanjirou’s flies toward the ground.]Kanamori	Winner, Lord Tokitou!Go!W-Winner, Lord Tokitou. Go!               Winner, Lord Tokitou… Tanjirou	Oh, no! Down to my last try! Kanamori	Give it all you’ve got, Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Right… I only have to win once, after all…[Action: Tanjirou flies his plane for the last time.]Tanjirou	I lost…Tokitou	Didn’t I tell you that you couldn’t win?Tanjirou	Ngh… But I thought I could beat you at least once!Slayer	Hashira!Tanjirou, TokitouOh…Slayers	Would it be all right if I challenged you, too? I’m really good with paper airplanes!Me, too! I once beat everyone in my village!Hey, I came in first at my village’s paper airplane contest! Wanna take me on?I’m in, too!Bring some paper! Paper!Tanjirou	Heh…[Action: The Demon Slayers begin making paper airplanes.]Slayers	All right! I made one, and it’s looking good!Hehe! I’m done! Ahh!Hahaha!Tokitou	Would you mind letting me take a look at it?Slayer	Hehehehe…Toki.Crow	Hmph!Tanjirou	Fufu…[Action: Tanjirou prepares to battle Tokitou again.]Tanjirou	This time for sure![Action: Tokitou’s crow rips up Tanjirou’s airplane.]Toki.Crow	Hmph!Tanjirou, KanamoriAhh!Tan.Crow	What’s the big idea, ugly bird?!Toki.Crow	Oh, shut up, bottom-feeder! Tan.Crow	What?! Why don’t you shut up?! Toki.Crow	I’m not the one who needs to shut up! Tan.Crow	Caw!Toki.Crow	Grr![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou, Tokitou, and the other Demon Slayers prepare to fly their paper planes.]Tanjirou	You guys, are you ready?Slayers	Yeah!Tanjirou	Ready… Go![Action: Tanjirou, Tokitou, and the other Demon Slayers fly their planes.][Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou meets privately with Tokitou.]Tanjirou	I think it’s true that Muzan Kibutsuji is coming after Nezuko, who’s conquered the sun.We’ve hardly run into any demons lately, after all.Tokitou	That is precisely why this Hashira Training is in session now.Tanjirou	I was worried about being away from Nezuko, but if I were to take her with me on my missions, I’d be playing right into his hands. It’s too dangerous.Tokitou	Not only would the demons, seeking Nezuko, gather in force, but Kibutsuji might end up going into hiding.Tanjirou	Right. I’m going to keep training, get stronger than I am now, and then I’ll go get Nezuko.Tokitou	Fufu… I like how you’re always so positive, Tanjirou.Tanjirou	I can be that way because right now, someone I trust a lot is staying with Nezuko.Tokitou	Tanjirou.Tanjirou	Huh?Tokitou	Let’s defeat Kibutsuji together for sure.Tanjirou	Yeah.[Scene: At Kanroji’s training area. Tanjirou arrives.]Kanroji	Tanjirou! Long time no see! Welcome to my humble abode!Tanjirou	It’s been a long time! I’m so glad to see you doing well!Kanroji	You, too, Tanjirou! Tanjirou	Are you raising bees? [Action: Tanjirou sniffs the air.]Tanjirou	I’m catching the delicious scent of honey!Kanroji	Oh, so you’ve found me out? That’s right!See, if you spread the honey on a slice of bread, it’s mind-bogglingly yummy! You also heap on some butter![Action: Kanroji guides Tanjirou into her building.]Kanroji	At three o’clock, I’m going to brew some black tea and make you some pancakes, so look forward to that, okay?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) B-Butter? Pancakes? I just barely know what black tea is!Kanroji	? Sweets! Bread! Pancakes!  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.4 E.05Title: I Even Ate Demons…Character List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Genya Shinazugawa, Mitsuri Kanroji, Obanai Iguro, Sanemi Shinazugawa, Gyoumei Himejima, Shigeru Kamado, Demon SlayersJapanese script from unknown transcriber (jimaku.cc) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: At Kanroji’s training area. Tanjirou arrives.]Kanroji	Tanjirou! Long time no see! Welcome to my humble abode!Tanjirou	It’s been a long time! I’m so glad to see you doing well!Kanroji	You, too, Tanjirou!At three o’clock, I’m going to brew some black tea and make you some pancakes! So put heaps of butter on them, okay?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) B-Butter? Pancakes? I just barely know what black tea is!Kanroji	? Sweets! Bread! Pancakes![Action: Kanroji serves some pancakes to Tanjirou.]Kanroji	There you go! Enjoy!Tanjirou	Wow…Kanroji	Go on, Tanjirou!Tanjirou	How am I supposed to eat this?[Action: Kanroji grabs a fork and knife and cuts the pancakes.]Kanroji	Well, here… Tanjirou, open up and say “ahh”!Tanjirou	O-Okay![Action: Kanroji feeds Tanjirou some pancakes.]Tanjirou	Mm… Mm!Kanroji	How does it taste, Tanjirou?Tanjirou	It’s so tasty, it’s to die for! Kanroji	Isn’t it mind-bogglingly yummy? Tanjirou	Yes!Kanroji	All right, Tanjirou…[Action: Kanroji takes out her training uniform.]Kanroji	… when you’re done eating, can you change into this?[Scene: In Kanroji’s training area. Tanjirou and the other Demon Slayers stand in Kanroji’s training uniform.]Slayers	Err…Tanjirou	Yes!Kanroji	All right, everyone stay in sync now![Action: Kanroji’s training begins. The Demon Slayers struggle to match her movements.]Slayers	Err…Kanroji	Extend your arms!Slayers	Woah…Kanroji	Jump as far as you can!Slayers	Ahh…Kanroji	Okay! Twirl all the way around!It’s extremely important to have a flexible body so you can make your moves crisper! Limber up and get loose now! Let’s limber up like there’s no tomorrow![Action: Tanjirou and the other Demon Slayers sit down to do partner stretches.]Slayer	Ugh… Ngh…Kanroji	Oh, no! That’s not right at all!I’ll show you how it’s done, so can I take your place?[Action: Kanroji takes Tanjirou’s place. She grabs a Demon Slayer’s wrists.]Slayer	Fufu…Kanroji	Here we go!Hmph![Action: Kanroji forces the Demon Slayer’s legs far apart.]Slayer	Gah! Gahhh!!Tanjirou	What?!Kanroji	Hang in there!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This isn’t limbering up. It’s more like a power move![Action: Kanroji holds her hand out to Tanjirou.]Kanroji	All right!Tanjirou	Huh?Kanroji	Why don’t you give it a try, too?Tanjirou	Huh?![Action: Tanjirou sits down with Kanroji.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Kanroji	Are you ready? Let’s go! Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Flexibility… Kanroji	Hmph![Action: Kanroji forces Tanjirou’s legs apart.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) … is hell!Gahhh!![Scene: At Iguro’s training area. Tanjirou arrives.]Iguro	Tanjirou Kamado… I’ve been waiting for you.Tanjirou	I’m looking forward to training --Iguro	Shut up. I’ll kill you.Tanjirou	What?!Iguro	Kanroji told me all about you. It sure sounds like it was awfully fun training under her.Tanjirou	Huh?Iguro	So, training was fun, huh?[Scene: Sometime earlier. Kanroji’s crow drops a letter off for Iguro.]Kan.Crow	(Flashback) Here’s a letter from Lady Kanroji!Kanroji	(Flashback) “Mr. Iguro, how are you?”(Flashback) “After training today, I had tea with Tanjirou!”Iguro	(Flashback) Ngh…Kanroji	(Flashback) “That Tanjirou… When he eats or drinks something sweet, he looks like he died and went to heaven! He’s so adorable!”Iguro	(Flashback) Kamado![Scene: In the present. Iguro threatens Tanjirou.]Iguro	I’m not soft like Kanroji, all right?Tanjirou	(Thoughts) From day one, he hates me with a passion!Iguro	This is the training I have in store for you.[Action: Iguro opens the door to his training area. Several Demon Slayers are tied up to posts.]Slayers	Mmph… Mmph…Tanjirou	Wha…!Iguro	I’m going to have you swing your sword while dodging these obstacles.It will refine your swordsmanship skills.Tanjirou	Right… So, is this place…(Thoughts) … an execution ground?The people tied up here… Did they commit some kind of crime?Iguro	Well, you could say that.The crime of weakness, the crime of failing to learn, the crime of wasting my time, and the crime of annoying me. That’s it in a nutshell.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Oh, boy! What am I going to do?Iguro	Take this.[Action: Iguro throws a wooden sword at Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah…Iguro	I’m going to show you how it’s done just once.[Action: Iguro swings his wooden sword, cutting through several ropes between the tied up Demon Slayers.]Slayers	Eek!Eek!Iguro	Hmph!Slayers	Mmph…Iguro	That’s it.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) To swing with accuracy while navigating the space between Demon Slayers at that speed…Iguro	Let’s see you do it.[Action: Tanjirou prepares for his turn.]Tanjirou	Ngh…Slayers	(Thoughts) Don’t hit me! (Thoughts) Don’t hit me!(Thoughts) Don’t hit us! Don’t hit us! Don’t hit us! Please don’t hit us!Tanjirou	Ngh…Iguro	Get on with it.Tanjirou	Yes, sir![Action: Tanjirou swings his wooden sword, cutting through the ropes.]Slayers	Mmph… Mmph…Tanjirou	Ngh!Slayers	Mmph…Tanjirou	Ngh!Ngh!Slayers	Eek!Iguro	What an absolute joke. You call that training? I’ll take you on.Strike me.Tanjirou	Strike… Right![Action: Tanjirou swings his sword toward one of the tied-up Demon Slayers.]Slayer	(Thoughts) Don’t hit me!Tanjirou	Ah![Action: Iguro strikes Tanjirou through the beams with his wooden sword.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Iguro	You hesitated.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) My hands are totally tied!Here I come![Action: Tanjirou looks for a rope to slice.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Cramped space or not… I’m going to strike accurately![Action: Iguro strikes Tanjirou through the beams again.]Tanjirou	Gah!Iguro	You’re slow.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No good! I can’t worry about the Demon Slayers while taking on Mr. Iguro!Iguro	Get up. You’re going to start all over.Tan.Crow	Caw!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The most terrifying training ever just started!(Thoughts) I may be using a wooden sword, but they’ll be seriously injured if I hit them![Action: Tanjirou swings his sword, hitting a beam.]Slayer	Erk!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I have to run between these poor Demon Slayers while dodging Mr. Iguro’s attacks! This is seriously dangerous! This man’s sword strikes twist and turn in an abnormal way![Action: Iguro strikes Tanjirou again through the beams, the sword curving like a snake.]Tanjirou	Gahhh! Gah…Iguro	You’re slow.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) We’re both welding the same kind of wooden sword, so how can it bend like that?(Thoughts) Those strikes slither into the narrowest of spaces! Just like a serpent!(Thoughts) On top of that, I just can’t unhear the inner voices of my fellow trainees as I aim for the gaps between them!Slayer	(Thoughts) Please, please, please, please, please!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) “Please, just don’t hit me!” I can really hear their cries, and it pierces my soul![Action: Iguro strikes Tanjirou again.]Tanjirou	Ah!Iguro	Don’t hesitate, you piece of trash.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’d never felt this much tension, and my hands shook like crazy! If I don’t swing my sword with pinpoint accuracy, things will get ghastly![Action: Tanjirou brings his sword back to strike but hits a Demon Slayer behind him.]Slayer	Gah!Tanjirou	Ah! Sorry![Scene: In the late afternoon. Tanjirou continues to practice his swings. The other Demon Slayers rest on the side.]Slayer	Kamado… How can you keep going after training so hard with the Hashira?Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh!Because I don’t want to make trouble… for the rest of you!Slayers	Ahh…How about we join in, too? Yeah, why not?[Scene: Sometime later. The Demon Slayers get ready for a bath.]Tanjirou	This is going to make our cuts sting, right?Slayers	Ngh…This is so going to hurt… Let’s go, then. Come on! Yeah…All together now.Tanjirou, SlayersReady, set…[Action: The Demon Slayers jump into the bath.]Tanjirou, SlayersGahhh!!Tanjirou	Ugh! It stings![Scene: The next day. Tanjirou continues to train with Iguro.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: Iguro strikes Tanjirou again.]Iguro	You’re slow.Tanjirou	Ngh…Iguro	At that speed, this drill is pointless.Tanjirou	Yes, sir!Urahh![Action: Tanjirou prepares to swing again, but Iguro strikes him.]Tanjirou	Gahh!Iguro	Now you’re even lunging slower. How’s that going to help?[Scene: In the baths. Tanjirou soaks in the water.]Tanjirou	Gahh… It stings![Scene: The next day. Tanjirou continues his training. Iguro strikes him multiple times.]Tanjirou	Gah!Iguro	You’re slow.Tanjirou	Ngh!Iguro	You’re slow!Tanjirou	Gahh!Iguro	You’re too slow![Scene: In the baths. Tanjirou soaks again.]Tanjirou	Dammit… It sure does sting![Scene: The next day. Tanjirou continues his training.]Iguro	What’s going on? You’re just going to run, slowpoke?Tanjirou	Ngh… Ngh![Action: Tanjirou swings but hits the pillar.]Tanjirou	Ngh…(Thoughts) I gotta focus on battling Mr. Iguro and nothing else!(Thoughts) In real combat, if your sword gets caught on a tree or boulder, it’s fatal! (Thoughts) Avoid the obstacles and swing your sword! It’s just like that![Action: Tanjirou runs through the area. Iguro swings, and Tanjirou parries.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I’m starting to be able to strike with more accurate sword skills than I ever have before!(Thoughts) I can evade Mr. Iguro’s attacks… and unleash my own attacks on him, too![Action: Tanjirou goes on the offense. He cuts through part of Iguro’s haori.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) When you land a strike… and slash one of Mr. Iguro’s haori sleeves… they say that you’re done training![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou prepares to leave for the next training area.]Tanjirou	Thank you very much!Iguro	See you. Now go die, you good-for-nothing. Don’t talk to Kanroji like you’re chums!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) It made me sad to know that he hated me until the end! Why?[Action: Tanjirou heads to the next training area.]Tanjirou	Um… Was Mr. Shinazugawa’s dojo this way?Tan.Crow	Wrong! Turn right at that corner! Birdbrain!Tanjirou	Oh, we turn right there, huh?[Action: Zenitsu suddenly appears in front of Tanjirou.]Tanjirou, ZenitsuAhhh!!Tanjirou	Ah! Zenitsu?![Action: Zenitsu grabs onto Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Erk!Zenitsu	L-L-Let me escape! Tanjirou! Tanjirou! I beg of you!Tanjirou	Escape? From what?Zenitsu	I can’t stay upright anymore! I just can’t, see?! I-I-It took me forever to get this far!I came crawling along these walls! Masking my presence like a lizard! It’s a matter of life or death! I’m going to be killed!Tanjirou	Ah!Zenitsu	Gahh![Action: Shinazugawa grabs Zenitsu’s head.]Zenitsu	Ah… Gahh… Ahh…Shinazugawa	Make your choice! Either come back to training or be killed by me!Zenitsu	No~! Please spare me!Tanjirou	Calm down, okay?Zenitsu	Gah! Gahh! Gahhh!Shinazugawa	Shut up![Action: Shinazugawa chops Zenitsu in the neck.]Zenitsu	Guh! Shinazugawa	Tsk… Carry him. Tanjirou	Uh, yes, sir![Action: Tanjirou puts Zenitsu on his back.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Sorry, Zenitsu. Let’s get through this together.It’s been a long time! I’ll be training under you starting today! I’m looking forward to it!Shinazugawa	Don’t get too cocky.It’s not like I’ve accepted you, all right?Tanjirou	That doesn’t bother me at all! Since I don’t accept you, either! Because you stabbed Nezuko![Action: Tanjirou walks past Shinazugawa.]Shinazugawa	You’ve got some nerve![Scene: At Shinazugawa’s training area. Tanjirou and the other Demon Slayers train.]Shinazugawa	Come on, come on, come on, come on! Urah![Action: Shinazugawa’s wooden sword strikes Tanjirou and the other Demon Slayers in the face.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Slayers	Gahh!Gahhh!Shinazugawa	Urah!Slayers	Gahh!Tanjirou	(Narration) Mr. Shinazugawa’s drills were so harsh that I could understand why Zenitsu ended up like that!(Narration) It was a simple striking drill in which we all assaulted Mr. Shinazugawa…[Action: Two Demon Slayers attack Shinazugawa, but he knocks them aside easily.]Slayer	Ahh…!Tanjirou	(Narration) … but until we spewed vomit…Slayer	Ah![Action: Shinazugawa knocks out another Demon Slayer.]Tanjirou	(Narration) … and blacked out, the session would go on. And until then, there were no breaks!(Narration) Even Mr. Iguro gave us more breaks!Iguro	(Flashback) Hmph.Tanjirou	(Narration) When Zenitsu came to, he berated me as if he were avenging his parents’ death.Zenitsu	(Flashback) Grr… Damn you, you jerk! Tanjirou	(Flashback) Ow, ow, ow! Sorry, okay? Zenitsu	(Flashback) Damn you, damn you, damn you!Tanjirou	(Narration) Mr. Shinzugawa was especially harsh on me, and if I let my guard down for even a second, I’d be seriously wounded and find myself right back in treatment![Action: Shinazugawa strikes Tanjirou in the face.]Tanjirou	Gahh!(Thoughts) I can’t be starting off like this![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou heads to his rest chambers.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Battered and bruised and covered in my own vomit… It’s so soul-crushing!Genya	Hey, wait up, Big Brother!Tanjirou	Ah…(Thoughts) That’s Genya’s voice.Genya	There’s something I want to tell you.Shinazugawa	You need to give it a rest. I don’t have a younger brother!If you don’t back off, I’m going to destroy you.Genya	Ahh… Ah…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) That’s not like our sibling fights.Tanjirou	(Flashback) Do you surrender? Hahaha!Shigeru	(Flashback) Cut it out, Big Bro! Shinazugawa	Stop talking to me like we’re close! Genya	Ah…Shinazugawa	And since you have zero skills from the looks of you, just quit the Demon Slayer Corps.Genya	Ah…Shinazugawa	If you can’t even use breathing techniques don’t call yourself a swordsman!Genya	But…[Action: Shinazugawa walks off.]Genya	H-Hold up, Big Brother!               I’ve been wanting to apologize to you all this time! Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Come on, Genya! Genya, don’t give up! Shinazugawa	I seriously couldn’t care less. Now get lost.Genya	Ah… But listen… I… I even ate demons… to go on fighting…Shinazugawa	What’s that?What did you just say? Damn you! Demons?![Action: Shinazugawa stomps the ground, creating a tense atmosphere.]Genya	Ah!Tanjirou	Ah… Shinazugawa	You ate some? [Action: Shinazugawa disappears.]Genya	He disappeared --Tanjirou	Genya![Action: Shinazugawa appears before Genya again, aiming for his eyes. Tanjirou tackles Genya out of the way.]Tanjirou	Ngh![Action: A cut appears on Genya’s face. Tanjirou and Genya tumble into a side room. In the courtyard, Zenitsu and several other Demon Slayers sit on the ground.]Zenitsu	How many more days is this going to last? Haa…[Action: Tanjirou and Genya tumble outside.]Zenitsu	Ngh! Ahhh!He’s back! He’s back! That cold-blooded man! Lie down! Pretend that you’ve fainted![Action: Zenitsu lies down. Several other Demon Slayers lie on top of him.]Zenitsu	Hm?(Thoughts) Huh? Is that Tanjirou?(Thoughts) What?! You’re going to get killed, Tanjirou! What are you doing, destroying the building like that?!Tanjirou	Please stop now![Action: Shinazugawa stomps toward Tanjirou and Genya.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) What’s that twisted, ominous sound?(Thoughts) Woah! So the old guy’s on a rampage, huh?! Are we going to get clobbered outside the training ground, too?!Tanjirou	What are you going to do? Are you planning to kill Genya?!Shinazugawa	Hell no. I’m not going to kill him.It would be easy enough to kill him, but since it’s against the rules and all…I’m going to ruin him beyond recovery! But listen, if you quit the Demon Slayer Corps right now, I’ll let you go.Tanjirou	Don’t give me that! There’s no way you have that kind of authority! Don’t try to force him to quit!You just said yourself that you had no younger brother, right? So no matter what choices Genya makes, you can’t butt in!Whether he has the ability or not, he’s made up his mind to risk his life fighting demons!If you’re not his big brother, then I won’t let you get in his way, no matter what! Without Genya, we wouldn’t have defeated that Upper Rank!No way am I going to let you ruin him beyond recovery!Shinazugawa	Is that right?Then I’ll ruin you beyond recovery first!Tanjirou	Ngh…[Action: Shinazugawa prepares to fight.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Here he comes… He’s coming![Action: Shinazugawa appears before Tanjirou in an instant.]Tanjirou	Ah!Shinazugawa	Ngh![Action: Shinazugawa tries to punch Tanjirou in the stomach, but Tanjirou grabs onto his wrist.]Tanjirou	Gah!Zenitsu	Woah! Tanjirou!Shinazugawa	Ngh… This kid… stopped my fist!Tanjirou	Urahh![Action: Tanjirou twists around and kicks Shinazugawa in the neck.]Shinazugawa	Ngh!Ugh!Slayers	Woah!Zenitsu	Oh my gosh! He landed a blow![Action: Shinazugawa drops Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ngh!Zenitsu! Get Genya out of here! I’m counting on you!Zenitsu	Hey! Y-You dummy! Moron! Don’t call me by my name, idiot! There’s got to be a better way to signal!Genya	Tanjirou![Action: Shinazugawa kicks at Tanjirou. Tanjirou barely dodges.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) He only grazed me, but that kick ripped my ear!Shinazugawa	You’ve got some nerve, you know!It seems like you have a death wish. I’ll be happy to oblige you!Genya	Come on! Hold up, Big Brother! Tanjirou has nothing to do with this!Zenitsu	We’re out of here!Genya	Ah![Action: Zenitsu pulls Genya away from the fight.]Genya	Who are you?! Let go of me!Zenitsu	Best to scatter people at odds with each other! We’re distancing ourselves!So he’s your big brother? He’s a total lunatic! I feel for you![Action: Genya punches Zenitsu in the face.]Zenitsu	Erk!Genya	Don’t you dare insult my big brother!Zenitsu	Hey, I’m on your side!Shinazugawa	You can just drop dead![Action: Shinazugawa punches Tanjirou in the face.]Tanjirou	Ugh![Action: The other Demon Slayers jump in to help Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	(Narration) It was all chaos and turmoil from that point on. The brawl lasted until almost dusk.[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou’s crow admonishes Tanjirou.]Tan.Crow	Idiot! You idiot! Caw!Tanjirou	(Narration) I received a formal reprimand from the higher-ups, my training under the Wind Hashira was suspended, and I was banned from going near him.[Scene: In the courtyard. Genya practices his sword swings.]Tanjirou	(Narration) In the end… I wasn’t able to bring the Shinazugawa brothers together.[Scene: Some days later, in the forest. Tanjirou walks with Zenitsu.]Tanjirou	I never intended for this to happen, you know. My mark isn’t any clearer yet, and I’m not seeing the effects of my training.Zenitsu	No, they’re there, all right. You were able to take on the Old Wind Guy. That’s impressive.Tanjirou	You think so?Zenitsu	Anyway, how deep in the mountains is the Stone Hashira’s house?! What is he, a fool?!Tanjirou	I think it’s just a little farther.Zenitsu	Huh?Tanjirou	What’s wrong, Zenitsu?Zenitsu	I can hear something.It’s this way![Action: Tanjirou and Zenitsu continue walking until they come up to a waterfall.]Tanjirou	Hey, it’s… a waterfall!Zenitsu	Wow…Tanjirou	There are people there![Action: Inosuke and several other Demon Slayers stand under the waterfall.]Inosuke, SlayersThus have I heard. In the presence of the Buddha. When in Shravasti. At Jetavana Vihara.Tanjirou, ZenitsuAhhh!Himejima	If you extinguish your heart and mind…Tanjirou, ZenitsuHuh?![Action: Tanjirou and Zenitsu turn to see Himejima surrounded by fire.]Himejima	… even fire is cool.Tanjirou, ZenitsuAhhh!!Zenitsu	Erk!Himejima	Welcome… to my training ground.  Japanese script from English translation fromTranscribed and organized by KiribanDemon Slayer S.4 E.06Title: The Strongest of the Demon Slayer CorpsCharacter List:Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Genya Shinazugawa, Gyoumei Himejima, Murata, Muzan Kibutsuji, Nakime, Demon Slayers, Tanjirou’s crow (Tan.Crow), Genya’s crow (Gen.Crow)Japanese script from unknown transcriber (jimaku.cc) English translation from Gogoanime subtitles Transcribed and organized by KiribanDo not ask for permission to edit. Please read my FAQ for more usage details.[Scene: At Himejima’s training area. Himejima explains his training.]Himejima	Most important of all is your body’s core. It is in your lower body.If you stabilize yourself with a robust lower body, it will lead to accurate attacks and unwavering defense.You’ll start off by cold plunging in the waterfall…Slayer	I’m going to die!Himejima	… after which you’ll lift up these three logs.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) They’re really big.Himejima	And finally, you’ll push this boulder, transporting it one cho away.Zenitsu	Erk…Himejima	My training consists of these three simple tasks.As it would be dangerous to roast you with fire from below, I have scratched that one.Zenitsu	Ugh…[Action: Zenitsu loses consciousness.]Tanjirou	Excuse me! Zenitsu has fainted!Zenitsu	Ugh…Himejima	Put him in the river.[Scene: At Himajima’s training area. Tanjirou holds Zenitsu in the river. Zenitsu regains consciousness.]Zenitsu	Gahhh! It’s freezing!A river in wintertime?! How can that not be beyond too cold?! I’m going to die! I’m about to puke!Tanjirou	Zenitsu!Zenitsu	L-Land… L-Land… Ah! Hey, my internal organs are going haywire! They’re screaming!They’re crying out that they’re dying![Action: Zenitsu gets out of the river.]Zenitsu	Eek… Ahhh!I-It’s no good. I’m out of the water, but it’s too late! I’m going to freeze to death! Ughhh! Ugh![Action: Murata and several other Demon Slayers cling to boulders.]Slayers	Ugh… Urgh…Murata	Long time no see, you guys…Cling to the boulders… It’s nice and warm…Zenitsu	Ngh![Action: Zenitsu clings onto a boulder in a flash.]Zenitsu	(Thoughts) I-It’s so warm! I never knew boulders were this warm! It’s like I’m being held in my mother’s arms!(Thoughts) Ahh! Mama! Mama![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou wades through the river.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Ngh… It’s super cold! This is really tough! (Thoughts) Waterfall training is harsh!Ugh… Ngh…Inosuke	Comin’ through…Tanjirou	Ah…[Action: Tanjirou sees Inosuke and another Demon Slayer under the waterfall.]Inosuke	Comin’ through… Comin’ through… Comin’ through…Slayer	Namu… Ami… da… It’s not working![Action: The other Demon Slayer runs out from under the waterfall.]Inosuke	Comin’ through…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Inosuke is giving it his all! I should, too! (Thoughts) Huh?(Thoughts) I can’t hear him chanting anymore. Huh? Inosuke?!Ino… Hey, this is bad! Really bad![Action: Tanjirou gets Inosuke out from under the waterfall and begins doing chest compressions.]Tanjirou	Inosuke! Wake up, Inosuke! Wake up! Inosuke, wake up![Action: Inosuke regains consciousness.]Inosuke	Ahh! Did you call me, Manjirou?Tanjirou	Inosuke!Inosuke	Comin’ through…[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou stands before the waterfall.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) This waterfall…[Action: Tanjirou gets under the waterfall.]Tanjirou	Erk!(Thoughts) … is not just any waterfall!Murata	Whatever you do, don’t stop chanting the nenbutsu!Sure, it’s good for focusing, but it’s also a signal that you’re conscious, okay?Tanjirou	Right…Murata	Namu Amida Butsu… Namu Amida Butsu…Tanjirou	(Thoughts) The water is cold and heavy! (Thoughts) No good! You can’t fall silent!Nenbutsu, nenbutsu… Nenbutsu, nenbutsu, nenbutsu, nenbutsu, nenbutsu… Urgh! It’s freezing![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou, Murata, and other Demon Slayers cling to the rocks.]Tanjirou	Ugh… We’re just standing under the waterfall, but it sure is harsh!Who knew that water cascading down from so high could feel that heavy? If you relax your body, you could break your neck!Murata	No, no! Both you and that boar are amazing.My first day, it took me until evening to get the hang of this waterfall training. I just couldn’t get used to the water.Now that I’m able to stay under the waterfall for two hours, I’m moving on to the log training!Tanjirou	Th-Th-That’s great, Mr. Murata!Murata	W-Well… I’ve been here for ten days.[Scene: Sometime later. The Demon Slayers sit down for dinner. Inosuke bites into a grilled fish.]Inosuke	That guy is insane! The old guy with the rattlin’ beads!Tanjirou	You mean Mr. Himejima, the Stone Hashira? You shouldn’t give him a weird nickname like that.Inosuke	The moment I first met him, he gave me chills!Tanjirou	Wait, you’re eating it, bones and all, Inosuke?Inosuke	Huh? Aren’t you eating yours? They’re really crunchy and tasty!Tanjirou	Wow! Of all the people I know, no one eats a fish cleaner than you, Inosuke!Inosuke	Hahahaha! Well, what can I say? I am the King of the Mountains, after all! You bet I do![Action: Inosuke takes another fish.]Slayer	Woah!Are you going to be okay? That’s your tenth fish!Inosuke	So anyway, about the old guy with the rattlin’ beads…Tanjirou	You mean Mr. Himejima, the Stone Hashira.Inosuke	There’s no doubt in my mind. He’s the strongest of the Demon Slayer Corps.Tanjirou	Hey, so he is, is he?Slayers	(Thoughts) Huh?!(Thoughts) Is that true?Tanjirou	Mr. Himejima’s scent is totally different from anyone else’s. I wonder if his mark has already shown up.Inosuke	I wouldn’t be surprised if it has.Slayers	(Thoughts) I just can’t keep up with these conversations by guys who shoot up the ranks so fast.(Thoughts) Normally, you wouldn’t have a clue! (Thoughts) What they’re talking about is so next-level!(Thoughts) Also, the fish that Tanjirou grilled are excellent!Zenitsu	I don’t believe him.I bet that old guy can’t even move a boulder like that one cho himself! He’s just having a blast tormenting us young guys!Tanjirou	No. I hear that Mr. Himejima can push even bigger boulders than that one.Zenitsu	Do you believe whatever you hear just like that? You’re being deceived.Tanjirou	Uh, no…Your hearing is great, Zenitsu. So I’m sure you can tell if he’s lying or not, right?[Action: Himejima pushes an extremely large boulder behind Tanjirou.]Zenitsu	Ahh…Himejima	Namu Amida Butsu… Namu Amida Butsu…Tanjirou	Oh, there he is right now!Wow! Mr. Himejima sure is strong! You think I’ll ever get to be like him?Zenitsu	In your dreams you will![Action: Zenitsu begins beating on Tanjirou’s head.]Tanjirou	Ow, ow, ow…Zenitsu	What are you, a moron?! Hello?! Is anyone home in there?!Grrr! That old guy is abnormal, okay?! Look at him! He’s gigantic like a bear!Tanjirou	But…Zenitsu	Shut up! There’s a gap between giants and little people from birth! You get that, don’t you?!Inosuke	Yeah, now that I’m full, I’m gonna lift up some logs and shove a boulder!Zenitsu	Gahh! Jeez, you’re all so positive! This is no place for me!Tanjirou	Now, now…Inosuke	Let’s go!Zenitsu	Eek!Tanjirou	Now, now…[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou and Zenitsu train under the waterfall.]Tanjirou	Nenbutsu, nenbutsu, nenbutsu, nenbutsu, nenbutsu, nenbutsu! Zenitsu	Namu Amida Butsu, Namu Amida Butsu, Namu Amida Butsu… [Action: Zenitsu loses his footing.]Tanjirou	Huh? Zenitsu!Zenitsu	Namu Amida Butsu…Tanjirou	Ahh! Ahhh![Action: Tanjirou also loses his footing and falls into the river.]Tanjirou	Hey! Zenitsu!Zenitsu	Namu Amida Butsu, Namu Amida Butsu, Namu Amida Butsu…[Action: Tanjirou stops Zenitsu in the river. The two make it back to the waterfall.]Tanjirou, ZenitsuAhhh!Tan.Crow	Training completed![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou does his log carrying.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Grrr… Ngh… Urgh… Urahhh! [Action: Tanjirou lifts the three logs over his head.] Tan.Crow	Log lift completed!Tanjirou	And now… at last…[Scene: In the Infinity castle. Nakime watches the town with her eyeball familiars. She spots a Demon Slayer.]Nakime	I have found one more. I have located about 60% of those Demon Slayers.However, I have yet to find the girl who has conquered the sun.Kibutsuji	Nakime, you’ve grown even more than I ever imagined. How splendid.[Scene: In the Infinity Castle. Kibutsuji sits before Nakime with a map.]Kibutsuji	Nakime, you’ve grown even more than I ever imagined. How splendid.Nakime	I am honored to hear that.Kibutsuji	Let’s see what’s left… Around here?Nakime	Understood.[Action: Nakime connects with another eyeball familiar. It follows two Demon Slayers.]Kibutsuji	We found another one.Just keep following him.Nakime	Understood.Kibutsuji	It won’t be long… before I find both Nezuko and Ubuyashiki.[Scene: At Himejima’s training area. Tanjirou tries to push the boulder.]Tanjirou	Grr… Ngh…(Thoughts) My legs keep slipping back! Urahh!(Thoughts) I’m losing ground!Grr… Ngh… Gah![Action: Tanjirou’s slipper rips, and he slips.]Tanjirou	Ow… Ah…Should I go back and fix that?[Action: Tanjirou heads back toward the buildings.]Tanjirou	Oh… Good morning!Slayer	Oh, Kamado…We’re heading back down the mountain. We just can’t keep up with this.Tanjirou	Ah…Slayer	Sorry. We feel guilty, bailing like this now.But… we’ll be moving to a sustainment support role for you guys. We’re counting on you, Kamado.Tanjirou	Right. I’m counting on you, too.Slayer	Huh? On us?Tanjirou	If you provide us with sustainment support, we can fight the demons without any worries!All of us Demon Slayers standing together will go for Muzan Kibutsuji’s head!Slayers	Ahh…You got it! Leave the backup to us! Roger that, Kamado!We got this![Action: The other Demon Slayers leave. Tanjirou gets back to pushing the boulder.]Tanjirou	Ngh…!(Thoughts) I have to… do what I have to do![Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou makes rice balls for the group.]Murata	Wow!Slayers	Tanjirou, you sure are good at making those!You said it! They’re totally triangular!Tanjirou	Since we’ve been running ourselves ragged, I added some extra salt.Thank you all for waiting! Here you go!Slayers	Wow![Action: The group digs in.]Murata	Man, this is good!Slayers	Really hits the spot.Yeah, so tasty!Murata	I realized something during this training session. It’s why hardly any of the current Hashira have Tsuguko.Tanjirou	Why don’t they?Slayers	Yeah, I think I get it now, too.It’s too exhausting, so they must have all run off. Yeah.Or maybe like what happened with that blond guy.So devastated by the difference between himself and the Hashira, his soul has been crushed.Murata	Since they’ve been doing this kind of thing like it’s nothing, Hashira really are incredible!Tanjirou	Yes, they are.Slayers	But seriously, you can cook rice like nobody else, huh?Tasty!Murata	Yeah! And you can grill fish like a boss! Tanjirou	Well, I am the son of a charcoal burner. Slayers	Oh, no wonder!Tanjirou	Cooking is all about the right heat![Action: Tanjirou makes grilled rice balls.]Tanjirou	Grilled rice balls are good, too!Slayer	Way to go, Tanjirou!Tanjirou	Please eat as much as you want!Slayers	It tastes great! This miso-flavored one is awesome!I’m starting to tear up.I know! It tastes like your mom’s cooking, right? Right, right!Mom! Mother!Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Somehow… this kind of brings back memories.[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou continues trying to push the boulder.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Urahh… Gah…Tan.Crow	Caw! Caw!Tanjirou	Grrr… Ngh… Gah! W-Water![Action: Tanjirou falls to the ground and breathes heavily.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) No good today, either!(Thoughts) It’s been six days now! What am I going to do?(Thoughts) It’s not like the demons will stay inactive forever. There’s no time to lose!(Thoughts) Is it just that I don’t have enough muscular strength? Or could there be another breathing technique?(Thoughts) Even after all this training, I still can’t maintain my mark![Action: Genya appears above Tanjirou.]Tanjirou	Ah!Genya	Hey, you. Is it me, or did your mark get darker?Tanjirou	Hey! Genya! Are you all right?I couldn’t get a hold of you after what happened, so I was worried!Genya	I was under confinement. Mr. Himejima gave me an earful.Because of what happened even though I was told to stay away from my big brother…Tanjirou	I see…Genya	Sorry I dragged you into that. Thanks for defending me.Tanjirou	Oh, hey, come on!Genya	Anyway, about your mark… Tanjirou	Oh! Does it look like it’s darker? Genya	Yeah.Tanjirou	No one ever mentioned that to me!Genya	Well, if they’re looking at it every day, they wouldn’t be able to spot the difference. Don’t you have a mirror?Tanjirou	No.Genya	I’ll lend you mine later.[Action: Tanjirou inspects his forehead scar.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Did it really get darker? Thank goodness! That makes me happy!Tan.Crow	Die!Gen.Crow	Hah! Why don’t you?Crows	Caw, caw, caw!Genya	So you’re doing the boulder training. So am I, you know.Tanjirou	Yeah, but I can’t get it to budge at all. Were you able to move it, Genya?Genya	Yeah, I can move it.Tanjirou	What?!Genya	Aren’t you guys using repetitive motion?Tanjirou	Huh?Genya	So you’re not, huh?Well, not that Mr. Himejima is exactly good at teaching it. You need to watch and learn and swipe it for yourself, all right?To enhance your concentration to the max, you perform a predetermined action. In my case, I chant the nenbutsu.Tanjirou	That’s what Mr. Himejima does, too!Genya	That’s right! You’ve seen him saying “Namu, Namu”, right?Himejima	(Thoughts) Namu.[Scene: Sometime later. Genya prepares to leave.]Gen.Crow	So long!Tan.Crow	Don’t ever come here again!Genya	See you!Tanjirou	Thanks, Genya! I’ll give it a try!Genya	Don’t overdo it, okay?[Action: Genya walks away.]Genya	Well, not that he’s the kind of guy who’d listen anyway.Tanjirou	(Thoughts) One more time.(Thoughts) Repetitive motion. Remember what Genya told you.Genya	(Flashback) You open up all of your senses at once.(Flashback) According to Mr. Himejima, even though I can’t use breathing techniques, I can still move that boulder if I use repetitive motion.(Flashback) Well, not that I’ve made much headway yet.Tanjirou	Urahhh!(Thoughts) When Mr. Himejima and Genya use this, they revive their memories of being angry and in pain. By doing that, they increase their heart rate and body temperature!Urahhh… Ahh… Ahh![Action: The boulder moves minutely.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) Dammit! Still a long way to go, huh?Slayers	Tanjirou!Can you make dinner now?After tasting what you made, we can’t eat anything else.Tanjirou	Oh, it’s dinnertime already? I’ll be right there!Slayers	Hey, Mom!Mom![Scene: At night, in the rest building. Genya returns as Tanjirou makes dinner.]Tanjirou	Welcome back, Genya!Genya	I’ll help out, too.Tanjirou	Thanks.Genya	So? Were you able to use repetitive motion?Tanjirou	Hmm… It seems like it’s different from Total Concentration.Genya	It’s like working up your emotions, I guess.Tanjirou	Yeah.Genya	But… this is just a thought. Isn’t the mark on your forehead a sign that you’re in that same state?Tanjirou	Yeah, but neither Mr. Himejima nor even you, Genya, have a mark.Genya	You’re right about that.Tanjirou, GenyaHmm…Genya	Tanjirou.Tanjirou	Huh?Genya	In your case, when is it that your emotions get really worked up?Tanjirou	That would be…[Action: Tanjirou looks away.]Genya	I don’t know if it’s something I said, but it looks like I reminded you about something sad.My bad.Tanjirou	Ah… No.Genya	I know that you can do it.Tanjirou	Thanks.[Scene: Sometime later. Tanjirou prepares to push the boulder again.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) By using repetitive motion, you can increase your concentration to the max anytime!(Thoughts) My repetitive motion is… to first picture the faces of my loved ones. (Thoughts) And also… to recall Mr. Rengoku’s words.(Thoughts) “Set your heart ablaze!”[Action: A spark shoots through Tanjirou’s body.]Tanjirou	Urahhh! Ahhh…![Action: Tanjirou pushes the boulder slightly.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) I hope I can learn to maintain the darkness of my mark!Inosuke	Hey, it’s Gonpachirou!Zenitsu	That guy! So he’s started training at this hour when the sun hasn’t even come up yet? He won’t last the day.Inosuke	Grr! I’m not going to let him beat me!Tanjirou	Urahh! Ahhh…!(Thoughts) Though I couldn’t do it at first… Ngh…Zenitsu, InosukeAh…Tanjirou	Ngh… Urgh!(Thoughts) … I exerted all my strength through repetitive motion!(Thoughts) After repeating that over… and over and over again… my body started to master it![Action: Another spark flashes through Tanjirou’s body. His forehead mark appears.]Tanjirou	(Thoughts) From repetitive motion… full strength! I’ll repeat this process!Urahhh![Action: Tanjirou pushes the boulder.]Zenitsu	For real?Inosuke	Ah!Tanjirou	Urahhh! Urahhh!Zenitsu	Y-You did it! Tanjirou, you did it!Inosuke	Dammit! You beat me!Zenitsu	You’re a monster![Action: Tanjirou continues pushing the boulder.]Tanjirou	Ngh… Urahh… Urahh![Scene: In the Infinity Castle. Kibutsuji contemplates.]Kibutsuji	What is that man scheming?Now then, what am I to do?What do you look like, Ubuyashiki?